Joe Gomez replaced Mohamed Salah in the final minutes of Sunday’s match at Anfield against Man City. Liverpool opened up a 9-point lead over the Sky Blues with a 3-1 home win. Salah scored Liverpool’s second of the game following Fabinho’s opener. Sadio Mane bagged Liverpool’s third, while Bernardo Silva scored a consolation for City. It’s now been confirmed in the Times that Salah may have tweaked an injury against Pep Guardiola’s side: Liverpool fear that Mohamed Salah aggravated a long-standing ankle injury against Manchester City and are awaiting the results of tests.   Swipe for Bobby’s reaction 👀 ➡️ #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Anfield A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Nov 11, 2019 at 6:22am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Salah sustained an ankle injury in Liverpool’s 2-1 win over Leicester City earlier in the season. Hamza Choudhury took Salah out, and injured his ankle in that game. In a worrying disclosure, the Times note that Salah “has been experiencing discomfort in the joint since then”. Salah is scheduled to play for Egypt during the international break. The Pharoahs have matches against Kenya and Comoros in the next few days. However, it’s now unclear whether Salah will play in those games due to his ankle issues. Indeed, the Times confirm that Salah will have tests in the Egyptian capital to determine the extent of his problem: Salah, 27, is scheduled to have a scan on his left ankle in Cairo when he joins up with Egypt for Thursday’s Africa Cup of Nations qualifier with Kenya. When the international break ends, Liverpool return to league action away at Crystal Palace. It’s currently too early to say whether Salah will be fit for the Crystal Palace match. Also see: Why Pep Guardiola won’t be punished for sarcastic behaviour after Liverpool, unlike Chelsea’s Jose Mourinho. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s captaincy divides Gunners & it’s related to his relationship to Arsenal Fan TV. Source: Great Goals Leicester’s Hamza Choudhury racially abused Leicester have contacted the police following Saturday’s 2-1 defeat at Anfield. That’s after Leicester midfielder Hamza Choudhury was subjected to racial online abuse after the Premier League match. Choudhury injured Mohamed Salah with two minutes of regulation time on the clock. The Leicester defensive midfielder… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Aston Villa vs Liverpool Liverpool are set to face off with Aston Villa later today. Jurgen Klopp’s side head into the tie in fine form. As well as seeing off Arsenal in midweek with a fairly weak squad, Liverpool are unbeaten in their opening 10 Premier League outings this campaign.… November 2, 2019 In "Sports" Kevin De Bruyne vs Crystal Palace When the Premier League restarts after the international break, Manchester City travel to Selhurst Park to face Crystal Palace. Could Palace inflict another defeat on the reigning Premier League champions? Last season, the Eagles memorably beat Man City 3-2 at the Etihad Stadium. Moreover,… October 7, 2019 In "Sports"