Barcelona sporting director Eric Abidal has confirmed that a Neymar return to the club cannot be definitively ruled out. Barcelona’s attempts to coax Brazilian attacker Neymar back to the club proved, in terms of longevity and intensity of rumours, the talking point of the summer transfer window. Two years on from his La Liga departure, Neymar was hotly-tipped to make a return to the Camp Nou. Despite having already added Antoine Griezmann to their attacking ranks, the Spanish champions had long been said to be eyeing a further splash before the close of the European transfer market. Antoine Griezmann reacts during a training session at Ciutat Esportiva of Sant Joan Despi in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images) PSG, however, proved an altogether-tough nut to crack for the Blaugrana hierarchy. Though reports had been rampant that Neymar himself had his heart set on linking back up with his former club, and PSG having publicly scolded their star man for his behaviour this summer, the capital outfit’s board stood firm in demanding a premium fee for a player whom they splashed out a world-record 222 million Euro on in 2017. This eventually resulted in widespread confirmation late in August that Barca had come to the decision to call a definitive end to their chase of the Brazilian: Barça sources have confirmed that they have formally rejected PSG’s last proposal, which consisted of 130 million euros, Dembélé on loan and transfers of Rakitić and Todibo. The operation is practically ruled out. [cat radio] — barcacentre (@barcacentre) August 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js ÚLTIMA HORA: El Barça rechaza la oferta del PSG por Neymar, por @ffpolo y @EduPolo https://t.co/pi8rkgzBAm pic.twitter.com/fWearnIjJ4 — Mundo Deportivo (@mundodeportivo) August 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Speculation over the weeks since, though, has seen questions raised regarding whether those in charge at the Camp Nou could yet rekindle their pursuit of Neymar next summer. And, if the aforementioned comments of Eric Abidal are anything to go by, then this could prove the case. Speaking in an interview with Mundo Deportivo, Barca sporting director Abidal point-blank refused to rule out a future move for Neymar, assuring that the Brazilian ‘will always be an option’ for the Blaugrana: ‘A top player, who has a Barca philosophy and who is performing at a high level, will always be an option.’ ‘From there, at the sports level we can make decisions. But the whole financial issue, there are things that you can reach and others that you cannot.’ ‘The future will say. If it continues at this level, because the season is very long, I will not say that it will be option number 1. But it can be a clear option.’ Quotes via Sky Sports Eric Abidal’s cousin, Gerard Armand, fears something illegal may have happened during Barcelona star’s liver transplant Griezmann aware he’s not at his best, claims Barcelona’s Abidal Source: Great Goals Clement Lenglet has this evening briefly opened up on the ‘hectic’ recent atmosphere at Barcelona, amid the intense speculation surrounding Neymar’s potential return to the club. Barca’s Neymar chase Barcelona’s attempts to coax Brazilian attacker Neymar back to the club proved, in terms of longevity and intensity of rumours, the… September 5, 2019 In "Sports" Barcelona chief Oscar Grau has opened up on the club’s pursuit of Neymar this past summer, confirming that the Catalan giants did everything in their power to push a deal over the line. Barca’s Neymar chase Barcelona’s attempts to coax Brazilian attacker Neymar back to the club proved, in terms… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" PSG superstar Neymar has spoken out over his failure to secure a move back to Barcelona over the summer. Barca’s Neymar chase Barcelona’s attempts to coax Brazilian attacker Neymar back to the club proved, in terms of longevity and intensity of rumours, the talking point of the summer transfer window.… October 22, 2019 In "Sports"