Paul Joyce of the Times has this evening provided an insight into how Liverpool are set to deal with the dilemma of a pair of fixtures over the course of 24 hours next month. The successes of Jurgen Klopp’s men this season have been widely-documented. The Reds currently sit pretty atop the Premier League table, 8 points clear of 2nd-placed Leicester City, having notched an incredible 12 wins and a draw from their opening 13 outings of the campaign. The club’s fine form, however, has not been restricted to the league. Liverpool also lead Champions League Group E as things stand, having bounced back from an opening day defeat with 3 consecutive victories. It was the Merseyside giants’ League Cup triumph over Arsenal late last month, however, which has since placed them in a difficult spot. A thrilling affair at Anfield eventually resulted in the hosts down their Premier League rivals via a penalty shootout. This saw Liverpool set up a meeting with Aston Villa in the competition’s quarter-finals. The date for the Reds’ trip to Villa Park, meanwhile, is the 17th of December. In unfortunate circumstances, however, this falls just 24 hours before the European champions are set to get their Club World Cup campaign underway in Qatar. As such, speculation had since been rampant regarding how Liverpool were set to deal with the unprecedented situation, with the possibility that the Anfield powerhouse could forfeit their place in the Carabao Cup having even been floated. This, however, will not prove the case. As outlined above, the reliable Paul Joyce of the Times has this evening confirmed how Liverpool are set to split the club’s resources, to play out a pair of fixtures, across two continents, in the space of 24 hours. Jurgen Klopp will fly out for Qatar with a senior panel of players on December 15th. The German will subsequently oversee his side’s attempts to secure Liverpool’s first-ever Club World Cup title. Reds Under-23 coach Neil Critchley, meanwhile, will lead a squad of lesser-seen players and youth talent to Villa Park, for the club’s League Cup last-8 commitments. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals