England manager Gareth Southgate has today discussed the possibility of him still being in charge of the country for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Southgate’s men played out their final Euro 2020 qualifying fixture on Sunday night. The Three Lions visited Kosovo, having already secured their spot at next summer championships. This, though, did not stop England from putting on a show. The visitors secured a comfortable 4-0 victory, courtesy of goals from Harry Winks, Harry Kane, Marcus Rashford and Mason Mount. This saw England top the Group A table in style, with 7 wins from their 8 outings, and a hefty +31 goal difference. As such, the Three Lions are no doubt set to head into next summer’s Euros with high hopes of repeating their excellent performance at the 2018 World Cup. Southgate’s men were narrowly bested by runners-up Croatia in the semi-finals of last year’s showpiece. And, speaking earlier today, the England boss was drawn on the possibility of leading his country into their 2nd-straight World Cup. Southgate, though, was quick to admit that his long-term future is likely set to be tied to how England fare at Euro 2020: ‘Well, that will depend very much on how we get on next summer.’ ‘When you have a week like you’ve had, you sense that people can fall out of love with you. And if there isn’t a warmth for you to continue, then that can start to affect the team.’ ‘So, I’m realistic about how quickly those tides can turn. But we’ve always planned short, mid and long-term over the last eight years.’ Southgate continued: ‘I think when I started and we looked at other federations, we were almost embarrassed to go and look at where we should be preparing for. And Germany were always there, and they’d already secured the best hotel! So, I think we’ve had to be a bit bolder and say: ‘No, look, it’s not a jinx to go and do it.’ ‘We’ve got to have belief in what we’re doing and execute the right preparation. Without taking any focus off what we’re doing next summer, we’ve got to get the next bit right, otherwise we’ll be behind the curve. And I think the best organisations get that short, mid and long-term planning right.’ Mauricio Pochettino may leave Tottenham. 6 managers linked to Spurs including Brendan Rodgers Official: Luis Enrique returns as Spain boss Source: Great Goals