The latest reports across the English media this evening suggest that Arsenal’s staff are waiting for Unai Emery’s sacking to be made official. Emery’s Gunners welcomed Southampton to the Emirates this past weekend, for a Premier League clash. The north Londoners headed into proceedings amid a dreadful run of form. In the buildup to the international break, Arsenal had failed to pick up a victory in any of their last 5 outings across all competitions. And, when all was said and done in the English capital on Saturday, the hosts again failed to get the job done. Despite Alexandre Lacazette’s double, Arsenal only managed to pick up a point, following another disjointed display. The Gunners’ latest sub-par showing, meanwhile, has since seen further pressure heaped on the shoulders of the under-fire Unai Emery. The Spaniard has been hotly-tipped to be the 2nd managerial casualty in north London in the space of a week, with the likes of Mikel Arteta and Max Allegri touted as potential replacements. And, as per a report from Goal.com’s Arsenal expert Charles Watts this evening, it appears as though Emery being relieved of his duties is now viewed as more of a case of ‘when, and not if’ by those within the club. The Gunners’ staff have reportedly already prepped themselves for the tactician’s sacking, with decisive action ‘expected’ to be taken imminently. There’s a growing sense behind the scenes at Arsenal that it’s a case of when and not if Emery is sacked – club staff are just waiting for the news to come. Full story 👇https://t.co/zNMjxzK73g — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) November 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Sun, meanwhile, have provided an insight into the alleged figures that would be involved, if those in charge at the Emirates do opt to pull the trigger on Emery’s dismissal. It is claimed that the former PSG boss would be owed £4 million, if sacked in the immediate future. If Arsenal were to wait until the end of the season, though, Emery would not be owed any form of compensation. Arsenal will be forced to fork out at least £4m to sack Unai Emery now as pressure mounts for him to go https://t.co/jhifIEavcc — The Sun – Arsenal (@SunArsenal) November 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from the Times, the Arsenal board are considering former Gunners star Mikel Arteta as a replacement for Unai Emery. Arsenal continue to disappoint Emery’s men welcomed struggling Southampton to the Emirates yesterday afternoon, for their latest Premier League clash. The north Londoners headed into proceedings eager… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal have this evening moved to offer their public backing to Unai Emery, amid widespread calls for the Spaniard to be sacked. Arsenal struggle again Emery’s men visited the King Power Stadium on Saturday evening, for a crunch meeting with top-4 rivals Leicester City. The Gunners headed into proceedings aware… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" Change is coming at the Emirates Arsenal have reportedly ‘set their sights’ on Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo to replace Unai Emery following a poor start to the season. The Gunners have simply not started the campaign as they would have expected. A productive summer of recruitment saw players brought… November 27, 2019 In "Sports"