As revealed by the Athletic’s David Ornstein, Newcastle manager Steve Bruce has decided to postpone the release of his new autobiography. The former Man United captain was set to use the following title for his life story: Steve Bruce, Theatre of Dreams – Playing, managing and everything in between. Steve Bruce: Man United & career autobiography cover The PR blurb promoting the book reads: Steve Bruce’s autobiography will enthral fans of both Manchester United and English football generally with its absorbing assessment of Sir Alex Ferguson’s tenure at United and with its insightful portraits of United greats. In his later chapters, he provides an intriguing assessment of the changing face of football management. However, Bruce has now shelved plans to release that book due to his commitments at Newcastle United. The Magpies boss has spoken to David Ornstein about why his autobiography is now on ice: I’ve put it on hold. I just don’t have time any more. I’ve done a few little things for it, but that’s on the back-burner now. It was obviously very difficult to find any time when I was coming up and down the motorway to see my mam and dad and it wouldn’t be right to do it now. What happens at Newcastle might be worth a chapter or two anyway! Fans of the Quickly Kevin podcast will know all about the Steve Barnes trilogy. When Bruce was the manager of Huddersfield, he famously wrote three books called Striker! Sweeper! and Defender! Quickly Kevin have conducted extensive reviews of the books in recent years. So why did Bruce write them? He told the Athletic: Oh gawd. I’ve got to be honest, I didn’t put much time into that. In fact, I pretty much did it for the money! Sadly he didn’t reveal how much he was paid. Newcastle head to Aston Villa on Monday in the Premier League. Much of the pre-game focus has centred on Bruce, who was previously sacked as Villa manager. While Villa almost won promotion under Bruce, he ultimately left the club after the fans turned against him. Famously, one Villa fan threw a cabbage towards Bruce in what proved to be his last game in charge at Villa Park. As reported in the Times, Bruce has opened up about the whole cabbage incident: I thought it was a ball to begin with, it was a big old thing. How he got it into the stadium I don’t know. My reaction was, ‘What the f*** is that?’ It didn’t miss me by much. The fans can throw some things, but a cabbage? I didn’t have time to get angry. It was one of the most unsavoury times of my career. Also see: Unai Emery’s Arsenal sacking seems imminent, impact of Tottenham’s change & 7 possible successors including Brendan Rodgers. Aston Villa vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions. Source: Great Goals