As confirmed by the reliable Paul Joyce of the Times, Premier League leaders Liverpool are set for a bizarre 24-hour stretch of action in the middle of December. A potential game of the season candidate was played out at Anfield last week. Liverpool welcomed Arsenal to Merseyside, for a League Cup last-16 clash. Both sides fielded weakened XIs, with their respective focus on matters in the Premier League. This, though, did not take away from the excitement. In fact, the opposite eventually proved to be the case. A 10-goal showpiece, during which Arsenal took the lead on 3 separate occasions, was played out, with Divock Origi’s 93rd-minute equaliser having sent the matchup to a penalty shootout. That man again! Origi with another big goal for Liverpool and we are heading to penalties at Anfield 📺 Watch Liverpool v Arsenal live on Sky Sports Football pic.twitter.com/m9bMj3vPky — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) October 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And it was the hosts who, in the end, held their nerve from the spot, to book their place in the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup. Liverpool’s victory over Arsenal, though, subsequently saw Jurgen Klopp’s men placed in a difficult spot. The League Cup quarter-final fixtures are set to be played out on Tuesday the 17th, and Wednesday the 18th of December. The Reds, however, are set to take part in the Club World Cup in Qatar that week, following their Champions League triumph last season. As such, there had since been speculation that Liverpool could even forfeit their last-8 meeting with Aston Villa in the Carabao Cup, to focus on other competitions deemed more important. But this will not prove the case. As confirmed by Paul Joyce of the Times this evening, incredibly, the Merseysiders will in fact play out both of the aforementioned fixtures within the space of 24 hours: Liverpool to play two teams in two continents in 24-hours. The Carabao Cup quarter-final with Aston Villa will be played on Tuesday, December 17 at the club’s request. The semi-final of Club World Cup in Qatar on December 18. — paul joyce (@_pauljoyce) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Vitoria Guimaraes vs Arsenal betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions Atalanta vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Crvena Zvezda vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has today revealed his massive admiration for Arsenal summer signing Gabriel Martinelli. Liverpool down Arsenal in thriller A potential game of the season candidate was played out at Anfield last week. Liverpool welcomed Arsenal to Merseyside, for a League Cup last-16 clash. Both sides fielded weakened… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool draw Aston Villa in League Cup Liverpool and Arsenal treated us to a 10-goal thriller on Wednesday evening. The two sides faced off at Anfield in the League Cup round of 16. After coming from behind on several occasions Liverpool eventually won the tie on penalties. Liverpool have since… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" Luiz a potential Arsenal captain? David Luiz made the rather surprising move from Chelsea to Arsenal over the summer. The North London outfit are believed to have paid in the region of £7.8m for Luiz’s services. Luiz would be on the bench in Arsenal’s opening league game of the season,… September 24, 2019 In "Sports"