Callum Hudson-Odoi broke into the Chelsea first-team picture last season. The electrifying winger was a prominent figure in the Blues’ Europa League campaign, scoring four and assisting two in nine appearances. Despite impressing in Europe, then Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri offered Hudson-Odoi very few chances in the Premier League. The 19-year-old featured 10 times for Chelsea in the PL last term but just three of those appearances were as a starter. BURNLEY, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 26: Callum Hudson-Odoi of Chelsea during the Premier League match between Burnley FC and Chelsea FC at Turf Moor on October 26, 2019 in Burnley, United Kingdom. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) Hudson-Odoi would also hand in a transfer request in January with the BBC reporting he wished to leave Stamford Bridge for more playing time. The same report from the BBC claimed Bayern Munich had bid £35m for the young winger. However, no move materialised in the winter window. But Hudson-Odoi’s contract will still running down and when he handed in his transfer request, CHO had around 18 months left on his deal. But back in September, Hudson-Odoi finally put pen to paper over a new deal. And the winger has since revealed that he had just one conversation with Lampard before he signed a new deal. When asked how many conversations he had with Lampard before agreeing to sign, CHO stated: “One. “I can’t say exactly what he said but he just said he believes in me, he wants me to work hard and if I believe in myself then he believes in me and things will go well for me at this club. “He wants me to play for him. They were encouraging signs for me that you want to hear from a manager, that he believes in you and he has faith in you, that you can become a good player and achieve a lot of stuff at the club. “I was excited. It was exciting times that a new manager was coming in and also you know that he will play at least some of the youth boys as well.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. See also: England vs Montenegro betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Free bets: England vs Montenegro enhanced betting offers for the Euro 2020 qualifier Republic of Ireland vs New Zealand betting tips: International friendly match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals Premier League giants Chelsea have this evening confirmed that Callum Hudson-Odoi has put put-to-paper on a new contract with the club. Chelsea prodigy English starlet Hudson-Odoi enjoyed a breakout season at Stamford Bridge in 2018/19. After initially struggling for game-time under new boss Maurizio Sarri, the explosive attacker’s showings in… September 19, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea youngster Callum Hudson-Odoi has today revealed the extent of his initial concern, after picking up the first serious injury of his career. Chelsea prodigy English starlet Hudson-Odoi enjoyed a breakout season at Stamford Bridge in 2018/19. After initially struggling for game-time under new boss Maurizio Sarri, the explosive attacker’s… October 7, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea hammer Burnley Chelsea traveled to Burnley in the final Premier League game of the day on Saturday. The Blues had been in fine form heading into the clash at Turf Moor and it would continue on  Saturday. Chelsea’s standout star vs Burnley would be new boy Christian Pulisic. Pulisic… October 27, 2019 In "Sports"