American superstar Cardi B will be in Nigeria and Ghana this December. The rapper will headline two concerts on December 7 (Lagos) and December 8 (Accra). “I got one more show in 2019 and that’s in Africa,” the rapper recently said, after stating that she was done with shows in America for the year. The  Grammys award-winning Cardi B will be performing for a two-day event called Livespot X Festival that takes place across the capital cities of Lagos and Accra. She has also revealed that the festival is her first ticket to either country, and Africa in general. Since Cardi B’s breakout with “Bodak Yellow,” talks have been rife about doing a show in Africa. In the West African countries of Nigeria and Ghana, she is immensely popular. Female fans admire her colorful personality, her rawness and outlandish sense of fashion. Male fans, no doubt, love her and her music, but it is her sexual appeal that will pull them to the event centers. The organizers played on this for her promotional flyer, embossing a photo of her trademark tongue within an X. Cardi B to perform in Nigeria and Ghana this December The international music star is expected to be joined on stage by some of the biggest musical talents from both Nigeria and Ghana. According to the organizers, Cardi B’s trip to Nigeria and Ghana is a clear indication of her ambitions to rule the music world and affirm her status as a global celebrity. For interested persons, you can buy tickets for Cardi B’s shows in Lagos and Accra at the Livespot X website. The post Cardi B to perform in Nigeria and Ghana this December appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay NEW YORK, NEW YORK – SEPTEMBER 12: Cardi B attends Rihanna’s 5th Annual Diamond Ball Benefitting The Clara Lionel Foundation at Cipriani Wall Street on September 12, 2019 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Diamond Ball) It’s no news that December in Nigeria is the month to… November 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" This coming December is about to be an explosive one for music fans in Lagos as American female rap superstar; Cardi B, is set to storm the city. Nigerian musician and entertainment business man; Darey, is the man behind this massive heat that is about to hit the city. Known… November 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" Cardi B may be churning out good music and staying atop the charts but that does not make her above the law. The "She Bad" rapper has justÂ been issued a stern warning from the judge in her strip club beatdown case: to either show up to court or face getting… December 3, 2018 In "News"