Manchester United youngster Tahith Chong has spoken out amid reports that he could leave the club when his contract expires next summer. The 19-year-old was handed his United senior debut back in January against Reading. Chong has since become more of a first-team player at United and has made four appearances for Ole Gunnar Solskjær’s side during this campaign. However, Chong’s current deal is actually due to expire at the end of the season. That means that he could sign a pre-agreement with any club from January onwards. What will worry Manchester United fans is that recent reports have suggested he could decide against a new deal. Juventus have also been linked with a move for Chong. The Italian giants have a track record of convincing players to join on free transfers. Now, amid reports of a possible exit, Chong has spoken out on a potential new contract. HUDDERSFIELD, ENGLAND – MAY 05: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer the head coach / manager of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Huddersfield Town and Manchester United at John Smith’s Stadium on May 5, 2019 in Huddersfield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) After being quizzed on his future, Chong decided against committing to Manchester United but remained open on his future. The 19-year-old admitted it was too early to speak about his contract and a new deal ‘will come naturally’. “It’s early right now,” Chong explained to FOX Sports, as cited by the Mirror. “I’m still a player of Manchester United and the season is in full swing. My focus is on that. “The contract will come naturally. I am now focusing on this season.”   International duty #JongOranje A post shared by  Tahith Chong (@tahithchong) on Nov 11, 2019 at 6:25am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js One man who really wants Chong to stay at Manchester United is Ole Gunnar Solskjær. The Old Trafford boss has been speaking about both Chong and Angel Gomes’ futures. Click here to see what he had to say about the pair. Source: Great Goals Chong’s Man United stint Tahith Chong is one of several youngsters to have been given a chance in Manchester United’s first-team under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Chong made his Man United first-team debut back in January of this year, coming off the bench as United saw off Reading in the FA… November 12, 2019 In "Sports" Gomes & Chong’s Man United stints Both Angel Gomes and Tahith Chong are products of Manchester United’s youth system. The duo, before currently 19 years of age, have impressed for Man United at both under-18 and under-23 level. Chong and Gomes have also begun to get a smattering of first-team… November 2, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United 1-Leicester 0 Manchester United had been on a bit of a poor run of form heading into Saturday’s game with Leicester. United had lost to Crystal Palace at Old Trafford and then drew 1-1 with Southampton. However, United managed to pick up a 1-0 win over Leicester on… September 15, 2019 In "Sports"