This man who many see as a philosopher due to his may detailed and revealing captions for posts on social media took to his social media pages to make the claim. He wrote; “Weed have done more harm than good for some people…. it’s a tough discuss to go into because of emotions and addictive nature it comes with I just witnessed someone took a stupid decision about his dream because he is hallucinating or rather negative feelings from smoking WEED.” Weed have done more harm than good for some people…. it’s a tough discuss to go into because of emotions and addictive nature it comes with I just witnessed someone took a stupid decision about his dream because he is hallucinating or rather negative feelings from smoking WEED — Bankulli (@bankulli) November 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Weed Has Done More Harm Than Good – Famous Industry Top-Dog, Bankuli RevealsWeed Has Done More Harm Than Good – Famous Industry Top-Dog, Bankuli Reveals appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive BY Anthony Ada Abraham, Abuja Emmanuel Chukwujekwu Onyeme “Nuel O” is a Nigerian Christian singer, songwriter from SouthEastern Nigeria. Nuel .O is also a worship leader and a recording artiste, a key member of Lagos Central music team of The Salvation Army who started singing at a very tender age.… August 13, 2017 In "News" Depressed OJO is a brilliant 200 level undergraduate student who is however very shy and withdrawn and is frequently miserable. Tunde, his roommate, finds it very difficult to understand Ojo, as he always seems to have negative emotions all the time. Despite his excellent academic grades, Ojo often feels he… July 27, 2017 In "News" New school, Nonso Amadi and veteran, Paul Play Dairo could be set to bless African music enthusiasts with a pleasurable music collaboration if all are well worked and planned. Powerful Nigerian music executive, Bankuli took to his Twitter page some hours ago to reveal why we could be in for… October 29, 2019 In "Music/Video"