 After going for at least 7 hours (the period you were asleep), without food, I believe it is safe to say that breakfast is something that should not be toyed with, it should be taken seriously. Even though you were asleep for most of the time, it does not change the fact that you went without food and after a while, breaking that fast is important. 99% of the healthiest breakfast food is lightweight. Now not only do they satisfy you, they do not impede your daily performance but rather, help you perform better. Studies have shown that kids and young adults who go to school without breakfast tend to have a less than impressive performance in school work. Same goes for an adult in their workplace. The next time you want to skip breakfast or take food that is unfit to be called a healthy breakfast, think about your mental health, your body system and your general performance at any cognitive or physical activity. Introducing Mamador Light Fat Spread  To spice things up at the breakfast table, Mamador launched its secret to a healthier and tastier breakfast called the Mamador Light Fat Spread. This is quite different from the Mamador Classic Spread used for cooking and baking various kinds of delicacies. The Mamador Light Fat Spread blends perfectly well. It has a buttery taste that is rich and creamy. It works hand in hand with your bread, pancakes, sandwiches, and toasts, to give a delicious, yummy and well-deserved breakfast to start your day. The most exciting part is that the product is cholesterol and trans-fat-free. Why the Mamador Light Fat Spread is Suitable for Healthy and Tasty Breakfast Meals Packed with a lot of healthy ingredients in the right proportion, the Mamador Light Fat Spread not only makes breakfast more interesting for you but also contributes a great deal to your health and general wellbeing. It contains no cholesterol, so you can spread it generously on your bread, crackers, sandwiches, toast, or shawarma wraps without worrying about your cholesterol level. It also boasts of essential vitamins that are highly recommended for both adults and kids for better bones, teeth and perfect body functions, which invariably means fewer visits to the doctor. The next time you want to buy a spread for your bread or for breakfast, go for Mamador Light Fat Spread. Don’t worry about side effects because there is absolutely none. Just buy it, take a generous amount and spread on your bread and enjoy it to the fullest. You’re safe! Just in case you also worry about weight gain, worry no more because the Mamador Light Fat Spread is also Trans-fat free. You will not get fat from consuming it even on a daily basis. Nutritional Value of the Mamador Light Fat Spread and how it aids bodily and mental functions.  Packed with the most essential vitamins like Vitamin A, B3, B6, B9, B12, D, and E, the Mamador Light Fat Spread is a must for a healthier breakfast and lifestyle. Just in case you don’t know what you miss when you miss out on using the Mamador Light Fat Spread for your daily breakfast, below is a list of the nutritional value of all the vitamins and how it aids bodily functions. Vitamin A This is a fat-soluble vitamin. It is important for building healthy bones, teeth, and skin, as well as in boosting the immune system of the body. Consuming this vitamin should save you plenty of trips to the doctor’s office. It is suitable for kids. Vitamin B3 (Niacin) We all love to have and maintain beautiful skin. The good news is this vitamin fights against skin disorders. It also helps your digestive system perform better. Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) This is needed for the proper functioning of various neurotransmitters in the human body, as well as the formation of red blood cells. Absence of this results in red blood cell deficiency and what better way to get this vitamin than the Mamador Light Fat Spread?. Vitamin B9 (Folic acid) This aids in the growth and repair of body cells and tissues. It is also a highly recommended vitamin for pregnant women to help prevent neural tube defects in their babies. Vitamin B12 This fights against tiredness, loss of memory and fatigue. Vitamin B12 is also necessary for the body’s metabolism process. The good news is, there’s a reasonable amount of this vitamin in the Mamador Light Fat Spread. You won’t tire out easily even if you had to go on a whole day’s drill at work or school. Vitamin D Also known as the sunshine vitamin, it helps strengthen the bones, teeth and also fight against insomnia and muscle weakness. Science has it that if you stay under the sun for about 5-10 minutes in the morning, your body produces enough Vitamin D to aid it in functioning properly. So what if you’re unable to stand under the sun for any reason whatsoever? What if you don’t even feel like going under the sun in the morning? Again, why go under the sun every morning, when you can just include a good amount of the Mamador Light Fat Spread in your breakfast to give you all the vitamin D you need? It is faster, appealing, yummy, and very much better as you would use your time for other necessities. Vitamin E This is well known as a cancer-preventing vitamin. Vitamin E’s functions in the body can not be overemphasized. Aside from preventing cancer, it also fights against different kinds of diseases as well as protect the body cells and tissue from all kinds of damages. These vitamins are a necessity in our everyday life and that is the more reason why the health benefit of the Mamador Light Fat Spread should never be underestimated. Daily consumption of a spread that contains all of these and more would not only make you feel good about yourself but also promote a frictionless day, as you do not have to worry about muscle weakness, your body’s digestive system or skin disorders. The organs, tissues, and cells involved in your body’s metabolism process become happy with you. Are you thinking what I’m thinking? Everyone, I mean every single human being on this planet can take the Mamador Light Fat Spread without worrying about side effects of any kind. Provision has been made to accommodate everybody and their health. So now that you know you have absolutely no reason to not consume the new Mamador Light Fat spread, grab one now from the nearest store or order one online, and start to enjoy a creamier and healthier breakfast. Don’t forget to share with your loved ones too. They also deserve the yummy treat and health benefits that this new spread has to offer. —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post #MamadorBreakfastSeries: The Mamador Light Fat Spread is a Must for a Healthier Breakfast & Here’s Why appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija