A photograph of Chelsea’s list of fines for players guilty of breaching internal club rules has been garnering widespread attention online this evening. On the back of a difficult start to the season under the guidance of new boss Frank Lampard, Chelsea have turned things around in a major way over the last couple of months. The Blues are, at present, one of England’s most in-form sides. Since falling to defeat at the hands of table-topping Liverpool late in September, Chelsea have since racked up 6 straight league victories. The latest of these came this past Saturday, when the capital giants put Crystal Palace to the sword by 2 goals to nil at Stamford Bridge. In Europe, meanwhile, the Pensioners have also secured impressive 3-point hauls at both Lille and Ajax, and showcased their fighting spirit last week, in fighting back from 4-1 down to clinch a draw at home to Ajax. And, based on the aforementioned leak online this afternoon, Chelsea’s significant improvement may well be at least partly-attributed to the no-nonsense approach of Frank Lampard and the Blues’ backroom staff not only on the pitch, but also behind the scenes. As outlined above, a list of the heavy fines dished out to Lampard’s squad for breaching club rules and regulations has emerged. The list features 12 fine-worthy infringements, as showcased further below. Some of the most noteworthy include £500 for every minute that you are late for a team meeting, and a hefty £20,000 for being late to training. In addition, it is stated that all fines must be paid within two weeks of being issued, after which they will be doubled. — £20,000 if you’re late for training
— £500 for ever minute you’re late for a team meeting A list of fines Frank Lampard has implemented at Chelsea. pic.twitter.com/EyNTrGtdxW — FourFourTweet (@FourFourTweet) November 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js USA confirm Chelsea’s Christian Pulisic will miss out on their matches this month Frank Lampard speaks out over contract situation of ‘outstanding example’ Willian Source: Great Goals