On Sunday night, Portugal completed their Euro 2020 qualifying campaign with a 2-0 away win in Luxembourg. Bruno Fernandes put Portugal ahead in the first half, while Cristiano Ronaldo tapped in a late second. Ronaldo toe-poked the ball over the line from a yard out, denying Wolves striker Diogo Jota his first international goal. However, Ronaldo’s goal lifted him to 99 international goals. Cristiano is now just 10 goals behind Iran’s Ali Daei, who holds the all-time international scoring record (109). We all have a friend who would do this… 🤦 . Champions League: Aaron Ramsey steals Ronaldo’s goal Euro 2020 Qualifier: Ronaldo steals Diogo Jota’s goal . . . #Ronaldo #Cristiano #Euro2020 #ChampionsLeague #FootballTime A post shared by  Optus Sport (@optussport) on Nov 17, 2019 at 2:48pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js On Tuesday, Spanish paper Mundo Deportivo and the Athletic’s Oliver Kay have both analysed Ronaldo’s 99 goals for Portugal. Oliver Kay pulled out the following stats, while downplaying the amazingness of Ronaldo’s numbers: Luxembourg, Faroe Islands, New Zealand, Lithuania, Andorra and Latvia are, respectively, 96th, 110th, 121st, 132nd, 136th and 143rd in the FIFA rankings. Racking up 23 goals against that lot has been an exercise in flat-track bullying. Of Ronaldo’s 99 international goals, only seven have come in his four World Cups – and none in the knock-out stages. Eight nations (Brazil, Italy, Germany, Uruguay, England, Argentina, France and Spain) have won the World Cup. In 24 matches against those eight heavyweight nations, Ronaldo has scored a grand total of four goals (those three against Spain at the last World Cup, plus one in a friendly against Argentina in 2011). Column on Cristiano Ronaldo and why that incredible strike rate for Portugal — 99 goals, 44 of them over the past 4 yrs! — feels like an affirmation of international football’s weakness rather than his greatness, which has been proven irrefutably elsewhere https://t.co/ETrC8DHD0h — Oliver Kay (@OliverKay) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Mundo Deportivo compare Ronaldo’s stats to Leo Messi’s. Of course, while Messi has yet to win a major international tournament in his career, Ronaldo lifted the European Championship with Portugal. Yet, when looking at Ronaldo and Messi’s individual goal contributions, MD suggest that Ronaldo’s numbers are of less quality: Ronaldo has scored 99 goals with Portugal, only 28 of them (29%) have been against teams of the ‘Top 50’ in the world. In the case of Messi, 57 of his 70 goals have been against ‘Top 50’ (82%). Messi – 70 goals 5 – Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay 4 – Venezuela, Ecuador 3 – Colombia, Chile, Switzerland, Bolivia, Nigeria, Mexico, Panama, Haiti, Guatemala 2 – Spain, Croatia, Algeria, Hong Kong, Nicaragua 1 – France, Germany, Portugal, Peru, Iran, United States, Slovenia, Albania, Bosnia, Serbia Cristiano – 99 goals 7 – Lithuania 5 – Andorra, Armenia, Latvia, Luxembourg, Sweden 4 – Estonia, Faroe Islands, Hungary, Netherlands 3 – Belgium, Denmark, Northern Ireland, Russia, Spain, Switzerland 2 – Azerbaijan, Bosnia, Cameroon, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Egypt, Kazakhstan, Saudi Arabia 1 – Argentina, Croatia, Ecuador, Finland, Ghana, Greece, Iceland, Iran, Morocco, New Zealand, North Korea, Panama, Poland, Serbia, Slovakia, Ukraine, Wales Also see: Mauricio Pochettino may leave Tottenham. 6 managers linked to Spurs including Brendan Rodgers. Why West Ham aren’t sacking Manuel Pellegrini & how Hammers hope to solve their goalkeeping problem. Source: Great Goals Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri has called for the introduction of video assistant referees in the Champions League after Cristiano Ronaldo was sent off in Wednesday’s 2-0 win away at Valencia. A brace from Miralem Pjanic gave Allegri’s side a 2-0 victory. Ronaldo who is the Champions League’s all-time leading… September 20, 2018 In "Sports" A late tap-in took Cristiano Ronaldo to within touching distance of a new landmark as Portugal beat Luxembourg 2-0 to qualify for Euro 2020. Source: Goal November 17, 2019 In "Gists" Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 99th international goal as reigning champions Portugal secured their place at the Euro 2020 finals on Sunday with a 2-0 victory away to Luxembourg. The post Defending champions Portugal qualify for Euro 2020 appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and World News. Source:… November 17, 2019 In "News"