Dani Ceballos suffered a suspected hamstring injury during Arsenal’s Europa League draw with Vitória SC on Wednesday evening. The Gunners travelled to Portugal with hopes of putting their poor form behind them. Arsenal went into the game winless in four domestic games, including draws with Crystal Palace and Wolves, as well as a loss to Sheffield United. That meant that Unai Emery needed a win against Vitoria to ease the pressure on his position. However, that wasn’t the case at all. Arsenal produced a lacklustre performance, which only earned them a draw. Shkodran Mustafi scored the opening goal just after the 80th minute with Arsenal’s first shot on target. However, Vitória equalised in added time and could have even won the game with chances late on. Though, Arsenal’s performance wasn’t the only negative for them.   A late equaliser in Portugal… A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Nov 6, 2019 at 10:02am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Dani Ceballos suffered what looked to be a hamstring injury during the game. The Spaniard pulled up during the second half, holding his hamstring. While he did continue for a short while, Mattéo Guendouzi was brought on to replace Ceballos, who went straight down the tunnel. That could create somewhat of a selection headache for Unai Emery this weekend against Leicester. Granit Xhaka was axed from the squad against Wolves after his feud with the Arsenal fans and could also miss the Leicester clash. There are also still questions over Mesut Ozil’s standing in the Arsenal squad. Safe to say, Arsenal fans and Unai Emery will be hoping Ceballos’ injury is nothing serious.  Granit Xhaka’s current situation got even more interesting on Tuesday evening. That’s because it was confirmed by Unai Emery that the midfielder had been stripped of the Arsenal captaincy. Now, striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will take the armband. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Kristoffer Olsson vs Arsenal’s Dani Ceballos Following Sweden’s 1-1 draw with Spain on Tuesday night in a Euro 2020 qualifier, Kristoffer Olsson revealed how Arsenal’s Dani Ceballos got upset during the game. Ceballos often clashed with Krasnodar midfielder Olsson during the match. Indeed, in the 69th minute, Ceballos was booked… October 16, 2019 In "Sports" Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang slams Arsenal’s defenders It’s fair to say that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang wasn’t happy after Arsenal drew 2-2 at Watford on Sunday. Speaking to French broadcasters Canal Plus after the draw at Vicarage Road, Aubameyang fumed: I feel like we are literally giving goals to the opposition. It is up… September 16, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal continued their perfect start to the season after making it two wins from two matches against Burnley on Saturday. Alexander Lacazette opened the scoring after 13 minutes of action as he put the ball past Nick Pope after a fine and eye-catching pass from Dani Ceballos. The Real Madrid… August 17, 2019 In "News"