Tottenham’s last outing was a Champions League clash vs Olympiacos. The tie was Jose Mourinho’s first European game as Spurs boss and it didn’t get off to a great start for the North London outfit. Olympiacos opened the scoring six minutes in and then doubled their advantage 13 minutes later. Tottenham would pull one back shortly before the interval to boost their hopes of a comeback. The Lilywhites then produced a dominant second-half display, which saw Spurs emerge with a comprehensive 4-2 victory. That win also ensured Spurs’ place in the Champions League last 16, although they are unable to top Group B. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 26: Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur during the UEFA Champions League group B match between Tottenham Hotspur and Olympiacos FC at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on November 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Visionhaus) Harry Kane would score Spurs’ second goal of the evening on Tuesday. And the England international had a little bit of help from one of Spurs’ ball boys. The ball went out of play and almost instantly said ball boy gave Serge Aurier a fresh ball, Aurier then played in Lucas who passed it to Kane who finished coolly. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After playing a pivotal role in Tottenham’s equaliser the ball boy was acknowledged by Jose Mourinho. //www.instagram.com/embed.js The youngster has since spoken out about playing a role in Kane’s first of the evening and Mourinho coming to speak to him: “It’s all a bit surreal. “I was just doing my job and I still can’t quite believe what happened. “I didn’t even see the goal! I was busy getting the ball that had come off and then I heard the cheer. I turned around and Harry was celebrating. I looked at the replay on the screen and watched exactly what happened. “You can see from my smile it was just unbelievable. Jose didn’t have to do that. It was really nice of him to come over to me. It’s made my day, my life, really! I love Spurs and it was an amazing moment I’ll never forget.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. See also: Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions    Source: Great Goals