In a bad blow for Bournemouth, striker Joshua King is now injured. King was injured in the final minutes of Norway’s 2-1 win over Malta on Monday in a Euro 2020 qualifier. Fredrik Ulvestad replaced King in the 89th minute of the away match in Malta. TV2 have confirmed that King is now sidelined, while the Bournemouth striker has speculated about how long his injury could keep him out for: I can’t say too much. To guess, (I’ll be out) for two weeks. TV2 report that King will have a full medical assessment when he returns to Bournemouth, while adding: The Bournemouth camp is hardly satisfied that King played nearly 90 minutes in an almost meaningless international match. It can be expensive for the Premier League club, as a very busy Christmas program is coming soon. King has three goals and three assists in the Premier League. Working on the basis that King is now out for a fortnight, Bournemouth will be without their forward for matches against Wolves and Tottenham. The Cherries host Wolves at the Vitality Stadium on Saturday. Tottenham welcome Eddie Howe’s men to north London on November 30. After that, Bournemouth take on Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on December 3. Four days later, Liverpool travel down south to face the Cherries.   Det så ut til at Norge skulle gå til pause med ledelse etter scoring av King, men Malta utlignet. 45 minutter å gjøre det på i andre omgang nå! ⚽ 🇳🇴 #sterkeresammen #malnor A post shared by  Norges Fotballforbund (@fotballandslaget) on Nov 18, 2019 at 12:36pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Prior to his late injury, it had been a busy evening for Joshua King in Malta. The Bournemouth attacker broke the deadlock for Norway in the 7th minute. Paul Fenech levelled for Malta in the 40th minute, before Alexander Sørloth (on loan at Trabzonspor from Crystal Palace) restored Norway’s lead just after the hour. King missed a penalty for Norway in the 67th minute. In total, King scored five goals for Norway during their Euro 2020 qualification process. Also see: Mauricio Pochettino may leave Tottenham. 6 managers linked to Spurs including Brendan Rodgers. Why West Ham aren’t sacking Manuel Pellegrini & how Hammers hope to solve their goalkeeping problem. Source: Great Goals