Roberto Firmino has today opened up on his hopes and aspirations with Liverpool, assuring he will do everything possible to continue to bring silverware to the club. 28-year-old attacker Firmino has been on the books at Anfield for a little over 4 years now, having arrived from Bundesliga outfit Hoffenheim in 2015. And the seasons since have seen the Brazilian go on to establish himself as a firm fan-favourite on Merseyside. Firmino forms one third of the Reds’ fearsome front-3, alongside Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah. The trio directly contributed to an eye-watering 94 goals across all competitions last season, as Jurgen Klopp’s men clinched the Champions League, and narrowly missed out on Premier League glory. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 02: Mohamed Salah of Liverpool celebrates with Roberto Firmino after he scores his sides fourth goal during the UEFA Champions League group E match between Liverpool FC and RB Salzburg at Anfield on October 02, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) While it is Salah and Mane who often grab the majority of the headlines for their goal-scoring exploits, though, many are of the opinion that it is in fact Firmino who makes Liverpool tick. The South American’s ability to drop deep and link play between midfield and attack make him absolutely invaluable to the Merseysiders, with Firmino’s absence sorely felt when he is confined to the sidelines, or in need of a rare rest. As such, speaking in an in-depth interview earlier today, the former Hoffenheim man was drawn on a host of topics, including his development whilst in England, and hopes moving forward: ‘I think I improved a lot in every way: physically, tactically, mentally. I learned a bit of every aspect. But I do not want to stop here. I want to keep improving – I always want more. I have big goals. I want to keep winning titles with this club and that is it.’ ‘[I want] to try to help my team in the best way with assists and goals. I like that. I like to win all the time. And for that I will always be like this.’ On his role in the Liverpool XI, meanwhile, Firmino added that he is ready to play wherever necessary to ensure success: ‘I am a guy who respects my position on the pitch. Where the team needs me, I will play. As a number 9, but sometimes I play as a number 10, and I try to give my best.’ Quotes via SBNation Liverpool’s Virgil van Dijk leaves Netherlands training camp due to personal circumstances Bobby Duncan opens up on Liverpool exit: ‘Something was missing’ Source: Great Goals An exciting night of Champions League football at Anfield Liverpool escaped embarrassment in their clash with Red Bull Salzburg, winning the game 4-3 to get their first Champions League win of the season. The Reds were one of the favourites for the trophy this season but they didn’t make the… October 2, 2019 In "Sports" PHOTO: Liverpool FC Egyptian forward Mohamed Salah said on Monday he hopes he can help Liverpool end a five-year wait for silverware after making a blistering start to life at Anfield. The 25-year-old -- who joined from Italian club Roma in the close season -- has scored 21 goals in… December 26, 2017 In "News" You dream of the perfect attacking line-up. For Liverpool fans, it seems they are living in one. European Champions, so close to Premier League glory and scoring goals for fun every week – Mo Salah, Bobby Firmino and Sadio Mane are quite simply a dream to watch. But besides being… August 22, 2019 In "News"