Gary Neville has reacted to Manchester United’s disappointing showing versus Sheffield United by outlining which areas he feels his former side require reinforcements in. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men visited Bramall Lane yesterday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Spirits were no doubt high in the visitors’ camp heading into proceedings, on the back of 5 wins from their last 6 across all competitions. United’s subsequent display, however, did not paint the picture of a side in the midst of a solid run of form. The opening 70 minutes saw the Manchester giants utterly dominated by their hosts, and deservedly trailing by 2 goals to nil. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Incredibly, though, an explosive 7-minute spell on the part of the away side soon saw the clash turned on its head. Brandon Williams, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford were all on target in quick succession, as an absolute smash-and-grab looked on for the Red Devils. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chris Wilder’s Blades, however, showcased their fighting spirit as the matchup entered its closing stages, leading to substitute Oli McBurnie securing a share of the spoils with an injury-time volley. As outlined above, though, while Man United, in the end, managed to secure a point, they were played off the park for the vast majority of the contest at Bramall Lane. The hosts were quicker to the ball, more inventive when in possession, and, overall, simply looked a superior side. As such, the Red Devils have since inevitably been heavily-criticised by fans and the media alike. One of those to have made his frustrations with the Manchester giants crystal clear in the aftermath of yesterday’s matchup, meanwhile, was Gary Neville. Speaking on Sky Sports, the former United defender hit out at Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men, highlighting the club’s midfield as a particular area of concern: ‘The midfield’s just a problem for United full stop. Let’s be clear about it.’ ‘Even with Scott McTominay in it it’s a problem. They haven’t strengthened in that area, obviously [Paul] Pogba’s injured.’ ‘It’s a problem for them and it’s just not good enough. The midfield just doesn’t have good enough quality.’ The middle of the park, though, is far from the only area on the pitch which Neville feels requires reinforcements: ‘They need a striker, they need two midfield players, they need a left-back – they need five or six signings.’ Quotes via the Manchester Evening News Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals