Former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is reportedly ‘ruling nothing out’ amid links with the Arsenal job after Unai Emery’s sacking. Arsenal are on the lookout for a new manager after Emery was relieved of his duties on Friday. Following the 2-1 defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday, Freddie Ljungberg was placed in charge of the first team temporarily. Since then, there have been multiple managers linked with the job. Rather surprisingly, Mauricio Pochettino is one of them. Despite claiming back in 2017 it would be ‘impossible’ for him to sign with Arsenal, the former Spurs boss is reportedly a serious option. Pochettino was sacked by Spurs midway through the international break last week, having drawn with Sheffield United in his last game. Now, it’s been suggested that Pochettino is ‘ruling nothing out’ amid links to Arsenal. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 19: Unai Emery, Manager of Arsenal speaks with Mauricio Pochettino, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur prior to the Carabao Cup Quarter Final match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at Emirates Stadium on December 19, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Morton/Getty Images) According to Independent reporter Miguel Delaney, a few people who know Pochettino maintain he is ‘ruling nothing out’. That comes after reports suggesting the Argentine boss was being considered by the Arsenal hierarchy. Delaney also explains that Pochettino ‘is a bit put out by how things finished with Spurs’. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Unfortunately, Delaney doesn’t go much more in-depth with his tweet, only explaining that it remains to be seen whether he would be willing to accept the Arsenal job. Considering his comments back in 2017, it looks very unlikely that Pochettino would go back on his word. However, if Pochettino is still somewhat upset about how he was sacked, feelings could change rather quickly. //www.instagram.com/embed.js There seems to be an awful lot of contrasting reports floating around relating to the vacant Arsenal job. According to the Mail, Brendan Rodgers is one manager on a four-man shortlist of targets. However, Pochettino isn’t on that list. Click here to see the reported four-man shortlist.   See also: Liverpool vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Burnley vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals