VAR was introduced to the Premier League for the 2019/20 campaign. While the new technology was brought in to help reduce mistakes, whether it has actually done that is certainly up for debate. VAR is a topic of discussion almost every weekend in England. One of the most recent talking points about VAR was last Sunday when VAR didn’t award Everton a penalty after Tottenham’s Dele Alli looked to handle the ball in the Toffees’ box. As well as the Alli handball claim, Everton also had VAR decision go against them earlier this season vs Brighton. Everton lost the tie 3-2 after being 2-1 up with a Neal Maupay penalty drawing the Seagulls level in the 80th minute. Now, according to the Telegraph, the Premier League have since acknowledged the VAR decision to award Brighton a penalty vs Everton was incorrect. The Premier League has acknowledged the VAR decision to award a penalty against Everton in their last away fixture at Brighton and Hove Albion was incorrect. LONDON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 26: Marco Silva, Manager of Everton looks on during the FA Cup Fourth Round match between Millwall and Everton at The Den on January 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) Everton boss Marco Silva has also recently been speaking about VAR. Everton started the weekend 17th in the Premier League, just three points above the relegation zone. Had the Brighton and Tottenham VAR decisions gone another way, perhaps Everton would have been a fair bit higher up the table. This is something Silva had been discussing before Everton’s game with Southampton: “It was so clear in the last three or four games and we are talking about it costing us five or six points. “Where would we be with those points? I don’t have any doubts that we would be performing on a different level if we had those points. “Every team in the world plays with more confidence when it is higher up the table. Now we are not in the position we want, I am not happy with the position we are in, but I know things would be completely different if football was fair with us. “Now we go into another must-win game [at Southampton], and every game is a must-win game for us when we would have had more freedom and confidence had we been higher in the table.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. See also: Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Leicester City vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds   Source: Great Goals