 A new sound is about to hit the Nigerian music scene as Wizkid announces a soon to be dropped collaboration between himself and Skeletun singer, Tekno. This announcement was made by Wizkid on Sunday, the 18th of November, via Twitter while responding to a tweet of Tekno announcing his upcoming album, Old Romance which he said he cannot wait to drop. The last we heard of  Wizkid and Tekno was MAMA and that too was a jam that’s making us anticipate what this will be. Starboy x Tek! Otw  https://t.co/UF1Kq4oP32 — Wizkid (@wizkidayo) November 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Reaction has since crowded the tweet as fans can’t wait to experience the magic Tekno and Wizkid create. I know you must have murdered it Wizkid… Just kuku kee us with MAD vibes. Love you my king#Wizzy — INEC CHAIRMAN (@InecChairman) November 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Cheiiiiii Another punchline coming our way "Dem be plug na we be the socket" — B L G  (@_desire_blessyn) November 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Wizkid Hints New Collaboration With Tekno appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Every day on the Nigerian internet, there are people who keep our eyes glued to our phone screens as we read their rants, opinions, perspectives on political and social matters, etc. Sometimes, they are just downright ridiculous. We make it our job to take down the names of these noisemakers.… December 12, 2017 In "News" Yes, Wizkid pressed Tiwa‘s yansh and at the One Africa Music fest in Dubai and the internet cannot let that go! Twitter is presently reacting to the performance between Wizkid and Tiwa at the One Africa Music Fest in Dubai which took place on the 15th of November. The Nigerian… November 16, 2019 In "Music/Video" There’s a lot of ongoing conversation about The Lion King: The Gift album which was curated and executive produced by Beyonce. The album contains 27 tracks (13 Lion King interludes) and one of its highlights is that it features top African musicians including Busiswa, Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Moonchild Sanelly, Burna… July 21, 2019 In "Music/Video"