Former Arsenal manager Unai Emery has penned a letter thanking the Gunners fans and those who gave him the opportunity to manage the club. Emery was sacked by Arsenal on Friday morning, following a poor start to the season. The Gunners have only won four of their first 13 games in the Premier League. While performances had not been so disappointing in the Europa League, Arsenal lost to Eintracht Frankfurt on Thursday and proved to be Emery’s final game. While Arsenal have already moved on and are reportedly exploring their options, Unai Emery has reacted to his sacking. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 28: Unai Emery manager of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League group F match between Arsenal FC and Eintracht Frankfurt at Emirates Stadium on November 28, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Marc Atkins/Getty Images) In a letter posted on Arsenal’s official website, Emery addressed the fans, claiming he ‘would have liked nothing more than to have achieved better results for you’. “To all the fans, I want to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for helping me to understand and feel the greatness of Arsenal,” the letter read. “To all of you who have supported us from every corner of the globe, all of you who have come to the Emirates, all of you who have waited in the rain and cold just to greet me after a game. “I want to tell all of you that I have worked with passion, with commitment and with effort. “I would have liked nothing more than to have achieved better results for you.” //www.instagram.com/embed.js After thanking the Arsenal staff, Emery then reflected on his year and a half at the club. He admits to there being ‘bitter’ moments but maintained how lucky he felt to manage the Gunners. “It has been a year and a half full of emotions, of great moments and some other more bitter ones, but not a single day has gone by without me stopping to think about how lucky I have been to work for this club with these players and their professional and personal qualities,” he continued. “They have always honoured the shirt they wear. They deserve your support.” //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Liverpool vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals