 Originally born Orgbe Jerry Sinebari, Cnero is a fast rising music artist from Gokana local government area in Rivers State and he started his music career when he was 19years old. The 29years old presently centre his genre of music on Afro-pop, and he is the second son of his family. With ‘NNEM NBOK’ as his first official single back in 2006 which enjoyed massive air-play around the country, . Cnero insisted his choice of name from his native name; Sinebari, but decided to make it sound funky to suit his music career path. For an artist who sees music as ‘life’, Cnero admitted he will love to work with the likes of Tuface, General Pypa, Duncan Mighty, Timaya, Patoranking, and Flavour. Cnero is a sensational musician with strong vocal attribute and to complement this trait, he has gone ahead to drop his sophomore single, ‘One Blow’, whose content is a reflection of the troubles we face in life, and he is ready to take the industry on its toes. Listen and Enjoy! https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Cnero-One-Blow.mp3 DOWNLOAD MP3  The post Cnero – “One Blow” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive I’ve been writing about Mr. Eazi since I discerned his business acumen. Every single move the Banku master has made just seems to be calculated. Now, Google has announced that it’ll be supporting Mr. Eazi’s platform Empawa and some of its artists. Google announced today at its third annual Google… July 24, 2019 In "Music/Video" ALX records, one of Nigeria’s foremost entertainment outfits proudly presents a brand new single from their super talented breakout artist- Mickez. ALX records, one of Nigeria’s foremost entertainment outfits proudly presents a brand new single from their super talented breakout artist- Mickez. Mickez (real name Michael Chukwuemeka Eze) is a young & budding Afro… October 18, 2017 In "News" This week, Nigerians have attacked Mr Eazi for being unfairly critical to Nigerian artists who have embedded Ghanaian sounds and elements into their music. Across social media comment sections, timelines and fora, the Banku Music propagator have been roundly dragged for his comments about the culture of sharing between creatives… September 16, 2017 In "News"