It’s been a tough start to the season for Tottenham. Spurs are 14th in the Premier League with 14 points from 12 matches. This Saturday, West Ham host Tottenham in the league. What will happen if Spurs lose away at the Hammers? A few days ago, Telegraph reporter Matt Law suggested the West Ham match could be Mauricio Pochettino’s last game in the Spurs dugout: The West Ham United game immediately after the international break is now rated as make or break for Tottenham’s campaign, and could even prove decisive for the manager himself. On Tuesday, the Times double down on suggestions that Pochettino’s days at Tottenham could soon be over: Pochettino’s future has been called into question by poor results and friction with the board over the club’s transfer policy. There is concern that Pochettino may feel that the time is right to move to a bigger club, having previously rejected such opportunities. There is a growing belief at the club that it is a question of when and not if he will depart, with the summer being the most likely time that the Argentinian will leave. Tottenham Hotspur are considering the RB Leipzig head coach Julian Nagelsmann as a potential replacement for Mauricio Pochettino should he leave the club. By @garyjacob and @martynziegler #THFC https://t.co/Whp45UCQWi — Times Sport (@TimesSport) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Times also reveal that Pochettino has been speaking to Daniel Levy during the international break. The topics of the discussion have been “the manager’s present situation and the upcoming transfer window.” Meanwhile, the Telegraph today label the Levy-Pochettino sitdown as “crisis talks”, reporting: Mauricio Pochettino has held talks with chairman Daniel Levy over his Tottenham Hotspur future as players at the club brace themselves for a managerial change. But is this really evidence that supports the claim Pochettino is heading towards the Tottenham exit door? Arguably, if Pochettino is planning for future transfer windows, isn’t this evidence that the Argentine is expecting to remain in north London? Moreover, at the start of October, Pochettino publicly stated he wouldn’t walk away from Tottenham.   “This is the moment to stay altogether!” 🙅‍♂️ . .Mauricio Pochettino insists he will NOT walk away from @spursofficial ⚪️ . . . . . . . . . . .#spurs #tottenham #football #premierleague #pochettino A post shared by  HaytersTV (@hayterstv) on Oct 4, 2019 at 5:37am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js It’s also worth noting that Pochettino is under contract at Tottenham until 2023. Moreover, the Telegraph recently revealed that Spurs would have to pay the Argentine a significant sum if they axe him: Sources (claim) it would cost chairman Daniel Levy around £12.5 million to sack him. (Daniel) Levy would prefer not to pay an expensive compensation bill to sack a manager who has done so much for the club. TIMES SPORT: ⁦@SpursOfficial⁩ eyeing Poch replacement #TomorrowsPapersToday pic.twitter.com/XNYMGIwxtK — Neil Henderson (@hendopolis) November 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Could the next Tottenham manager be RB Leipzig’s Julian Nagelsmann? Claims that Nagelsmann could join Spurs have been circling for several weeks, and Nagelsmann’s name is mentioned by both the Times and Telegraph today. The Times report: Spurs have tried to find the best young managers and the club have been tracking Nagelsmann’s progress with Leipzig and Hoffenheim in recent seasons. However, the Times also believe that Tottenham may have to battle Man United to land Nagelsmann: Nagelsmann’s contract with Leipzig runs until 2023 and Manchester United are tracking the German. Mauricio Pochettino holds crisis talks with Daniel Levy as Tottenham's players brace for managerial changehttps://t.co/GvWYHvXF5j@Matt_Law_DT @JPercyTelegraph — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) November 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Despite Leicester’s brilliant season, would Brendan Rodgers consider leaving the Foxes for Tottenham? Rodgers is under contract at the King Power Stadium until 2022. However, the Times link Rodgers to the Lillywhites. Readers are told: Tottenham retain admiration for Brendan Rodgers, the Leicester City manager who declined their offer to replace Harry Redknapp in 2012. In total, six managers are linked to Spurs in today’s Times and Telegraph. The Telegraph survey the possible candidates, revealing: Jose Mourinho and Max Allegri are out of work, while Carlo Ancelotti’s position at Napoli is uncertain. Managers who would be more difficult to appoint mid-season and may interest Tottenham are Bournemouth’s Eddie Howe and Red Bull Leipzig’s Julian Nagelsmann. Also see: Christian Eriksen’s Man United vs Inter Milan transfer options & Olivier Giroud linked with San Siro move. Why West Ham aren’t sacking Manuel Pellegrini & how Hammers hope to solve their goalkeeping problem. Source: Great Goals West Ham vs Tottenham West Ham versus Tottenham is the opening match in gameweek 12 of the Premier League. Can this London derby be framed as a relegation 6-pointer? West Ham are fifth bottom of the league with 13 points from 12 games. Spurs are in 14th place with 14… November 13, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham struggling Tottenham’s 2019/20 campaign has, so far, probably not been what Spurs fans were expecting after making it to the 2019 Champions League final. 12 games into the Premier League season and it already looks as though Spurs may struggle to crack the top-four. Currently, the North London outfit… November 15, 2019 In "Sports" Bad week for Tottenham after Bayern Munich & Brighton defeats Tottenham head into the international break after two horrendous results. After Bayern Munich won 7-2 in north London in the Champions League, Tottenham lost 3-0 at Brighton on Saturday. Neal Maupay opened for Brighton, before Aaron Connolly scored twice on… October 6, 2019 In "Sports"