 Idahams, the singer-songwriter and instrumentalist, recently inked a major deal with Universal Music Group Nigeria. The Port-Harcourt born singer who has been making waves over the last three years having featured on a number of hit records such as Toast, God Can Bless Anybody featuring Mr 2kay and, No One Else featuring Teni; has joined in the UMGNG roster as part of a joint venture deal with Grafton Entertainment. ‘Billion Dollar’ is set to become his first major release under Universal Music Group Nigeria (UMGNG). The song, a rhythmic earnest prayer for God to bless the works and businesses of every hardworking individual, takes on an inspirational theme; addressing the desire to acquire wealth and transcend penury. The song with its catchy chorus and smooth blend, motivates one to strive in reaching the next level. Speaking on his deal with UMGNG, he said “ I have been pushing to achieve mainstream success over the last three years and I have been fortunate with the reception that my music has received this far. The deal with Universal Music Group Nigeria, allows me to tap into the labels resources and experience within the industry. The goal is to have my music heard beyond the continent and I believe this deal will help me achieve this.” https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Idahams-Billion-Dollar.mp3 Idahams – Billion Dollar Check out pictures from the signing below!   The post Idahams Inks Deal with Universal Music, Releases New Single “Billion Dollar” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Sipho Dlamini( MD, South Africa & Sub-Saharan Africa, Universal Music Group Africa) , Andrew Kronfeld (EVP, Universal Music Group), Irene Ntalè ( Singer, Songwriter), Adam Granite (EVP, Marketing Development, Universal Music Group), Ezegozie Eze Jr.(GM, Universal Music Group Nigeria) Ugandan singer-songwriter, Irene Ntalé has just inked a major deal with… August 22, 2019 In "Music/Video" Ntale has released new single, Nyamba Ugandan singer-songwriter, Irene Ntale has just inked a major deal with Universal Music Group Nigeria (UMGNG). Ntale has become a household name in Uganda and East Africa, with over 10 Million streams and downloads. She is known for her ability to fuse together sounds… August 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" Davido My heart is rare and the world knows. Please God, keep my heart the same. Don’t give me a change of heart Lord. I shall remain a giving being. This was the submission of David Adeleke, popularly known as Davido, who does not seem to be finding life funny… October 15, 2017 In "News"