John McGinn has been on Aston Villa’s books for just over a year now. The Scotsman made the switch to Villa Park in August of 2018, joining from Hibernian. Villa are believed to have paid in the region of £2.79m for McGinn. That transfer fee is so far, proving to be a bit of a steal considering what a key figure McGinn has become for Aston Villa. McGinn played a pivotal role in Villa’s promoting winning campaign, scoring nine and assisting 12 across all competitions throughout the 2018/19 season. The 25-year-old has had a similarly bright start to the current season. In 12 Premier League appearances for Villa this term, McGinn has bagged himself three goals and provided two assists. McGinn has also been in top form for his country recently, scoring the winner as Scotland saw off Cyprus on Saturday.   New @scotlandnationalteam kit 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 A post shared by  John McGinn (@johnmcginn7) on Nov 12, 2019 at 9:25am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js After impressing during his time at Villa, McGinn has been linked with Manchester United. A report emerged earlier in the year, which claimed United were ready to bid for the Villa man. After seeing McGinn impress in the PL this season, United fans may be hopeful their club attempt to sign the midfielder in January. However, according to the Mirror, Aston Villa have no plans to sell midfield star John McGinn to Man United in January. And Dean Smith’s side would only allow McGinn to leave in the summer window if an ‘eye-watering’ offer was put in, as per the Mirror. Smith has also previously spoken about big clubs trying to sign McGinn, stating if they come calling they will get a short swift reply: “The big clubs can come calling but they’ll get a short, swift reply! He’s a player we want here at Aston Villa.” As quoted by the Mirror. See also: Republic of Ireland vs Denmark betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Man United reportedly keeping tabs on West Brom loanee Matheus Pereira   Source: Great Goals Aston Villa standout John McGinn made the switch to Villa Park in August of 2018 from Scottish outfit, Hibernian. Aston Villa are believed to have paid around £2.79m for McGinn’s services. McGinn would have a solid debut season for Aston Villa, in which the midfielder scored six and assisted 10… October 19, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United could launch a surprise swoop for Aston Villa midfielder John McGinn. The Scotland international helped Dean Smith’s side seal promotion to the Premier League last term, scoring the winning goal in the play-off final victory over Derby according to The Sun. McGinn was named Villa’s Players’ Player of… July 1, 2019 In "News" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 8 kicks off on Saturday the 5th of October at 12:30 pm UK time when Brighton play host to Tottenham. Gameweek 8 will end on Sunday the 6th of October, with Manchester United traveling to Newcastle. So, all of your transfers for GW8 need to be… October 1, 2019 In "Sports"