Liverpool played host to Napoli on Wednesday evening as they looked to secure their place in the Champions League last 16. The Reds began the day knowing a win over the Serie A outfit would have seen them top their CL group and clinch qualification. However, Liverpool started the tie fairly poorly and eventually went behind with 21 minutes on the clock. The Merseyside powerhouse did muster up a much better display in the second 45 and brought the tie back on level terms with 65 minutes played. Yet despite Liverpool’s second-half dominance, they were unable to secure that second goal. As a result of Liverpool drawing and RB Salzburg beating Genk, the Reds must now beat or draw with Salzburg to ensure their spot in the next phase of the CL. As well as failing to beat Napoli, Liverpool suffered an injury blow in the early stages of the tie. Fabinho had to be withdrawn less than 20 minutes in on Wednesday evening after the Brazilian collided with Napoli’s Lozano. The midfield powerhouse has been a standout star for Liverpool since his arrival from Monaco and losing him for any period of time could have a detrimental impact on Liverpool’s season. Jurgen Klopp would provide an update on Fabinho after the Napoli clash, stating the injury was pretty painful: “Of course it’s still early and we all hope it’s not too serious but it’s pretty painful in an area where you don’t want to have pain, around the ankle and shin, so we have to see. “He is a really hard one and couldn’t continue. I don’t want to say what I expect, because I hope in the moment it’s not that serious. “But we’ll know more maybe tomorrow, maybe the day after tomorrow. We’ll see.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. See also: Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions  Source: Great Goals