In the Athletic on Monday, reporters Jack Pitt-Brooke, Dominic Fifield and Adam Crafton join forces to focus on Jose Mourinho’s first few days at Tottenham. One interesting set of updates related to Mourinho’s relationship with Amazon. As most people now know, Amazon won exclusive rights to film behind the scenes footage of Tottenham’s current campaign. And, it’s now been confirmed that Mourinho has appeared keen to help Amazon record the best product they can. In his first press conference at Tottenham, Mourinho wore his own separate Amazon microphone. Moreover, Mourinho was open to wearing a mic during the West Ham game, although that ultimately never happened. Readers are told: The Athletic understands that Mourinho had a microphone attached to him when he entered referee Michael Oliver’s office at the London Stadium. When he inquired as to whether Oliver would be comfortable with him wearing a microphone during the game, the official suggested this would not be appropriate. The Premier League are then believed to have intervened to advise the Tottenham manager that he should not wear a microphone during the game, as this could potentially be unfair if Mourinho was to engage in any dispute with rival coaches or fourth officials. The Athletic finally note that Mourinho is set to wear a microphone for Amazon during Tottenham’s future training sessions. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Mourinho started his Tottenham career with a 3-2 away win at West Ham. Michael Cox noticed how Serge Aurier was used in an attacking role against the Hammers: Mourinho formed the 3-2-5 in an asymmetrical way: from a starting system of 4-2-3-1, left-back Ben Davies tucked inside to become an extra centre-back, while right-back Serge Aurier pushed forward to become a right-winger. It was a deliberate change of system within possession. Spurs’ right-winger – Lucas Moura – during the opening stages, would tuck inside to become an inside-right, allowing Aurier to hold the width. Another key tactical change was the deployment of Dele Alli in the #10 role. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Watch highlights of Tottenham’s win at West Ham below. Tottenham captain Harry Kane has confirmed that he met Mauricio Pochettino for a couple of hours after the Argentine was sacked from his post at Tottenham. Speaking after the West Ham match, Kane told the press: I’ve been to see him. I went around his house and caught up with him the next day. It was a shock for everyone, so I wanted to go and see him and we had a chat for a couple of hours, and it was nice to do that before the new manager came in. It’s been a week I’ve never really had in my career before. A big shock on Tuesday night for everyone, the players included. Then it was a quick turnaround and all of a sudden we got a new manager, one of the best managers there has been in the game. So you have to automatically turn your head towards that. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Unai Emery’s Arsenal sacking seems imminent, impact of Tottenham’s change & 7 possible successors including Brendan Rodgers. Aston Villa vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions. Source: Great Goals