Chelsea traveled to Valencia on Wednesday for a crucial Champions League tie. The Blues were drawn in Group H of the 2019/20 Champions League along with Valencia, Lille and Ajax. On paper, the group looked fairly competitive and it has certainly proven to be. Chelsea started Wednesday on seven points from their opening four CL ties. However, 1st place Ajax and 3rd place Valencia had also amassed seven points. So, Chelsea knew losing in Spain would have been a huge blow for their hopes of making it to the CL last 16. But Chelsea’s evening got off to a pretty poor start. The Spanish outfit could have easily found themselves 2-0 up inside the first 35 minutes. And Valencia would eventually take the lead 40 minutes in. However, the Premier League side hit back with an instant reply as Mateo Kovacic netted his first goal since January of 2017. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Christian Pulisic then fired Chelsea into the lead five minutes after the interval. Valencia had a chance to pull the tie back on level terms from the penalty spot 65 minutes in but Kepa made a solid save. The Spanish powerhouse did eventually equalise in the 81st minute though. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 09: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea gives his team instructions during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on November 09, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Darren Walsh/Chelsea FC via Getty Images) As well as failing to maintain their lead, Chelsea were dealt a huge blow just before the break in Valencia. Tammy Abraham has been in emphatic form for Chelsea so far this campaign. But the England international looked in considerable pain after colliding with a Valencia defender shortly before half-time. And as shown in the video below, the Chelsea youth product had to be placed on a stretcher. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea also tweeted that the forward had taken a knock. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Braga vs Wolves betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals