As per a report from the reliable Fabrizio Romano, Tottenham could appoint former Chelsea and Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho as Mauricio Pochettino’s replacement. The major talking point across the European media this evening is the news that Spurs have come to the decision to sack Mauricio Pochettino. On the back of a dismal start to the season, which had seen the north Londoners slip to 14th in the Premier League table, it was announced a short time ago that the Argentine has been ‘relieved of his duties’: ‘We were extremely reluctant to make this change and it is not a decision the board has taken lightly, nor in haste.’ ‘Regrettably domestic results at the end of last season and beginning of this season have been extremely disappointing.’ ‘It falls to the board to make the difficult decisions – this one made more so given the many memorable moments we have had with Mauricio and his coaching staff – but we do so in the club’s best interests.’ Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the coming days are no doubt set to be jam-packed with rumours and speculation, surrounding just who is set to be named as Pochettino’s successor. As per the aforementioned report from Italian transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, though, the Tottenham board already have one man in mind. The individual in question? Jose Mourinho. Legendary tactician Mourinho has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United last December. Those in charge in north London, however, are said to be ‘considering’ a proposal for the 56-year-old. Mourinho himself, meanwhile, would reportedly be ‘open’ to discussing the possibility of becoming Spurs’ new manager. Tottenham are considering José Mourinho as new manager, after sacking Pochettino. And José would be open to start a discussion with Spurs. Daniel Levy will decide on next hours. ⚪️ #THFC #Tottenham #Spurs #Pochettino — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Gareth Southgate on his chances of leading England to 2022 World Cup Official: Luis Enrique returns as Spain boss Source: Great Goals Premier League giants Tottenham have this evening confirmed that Mauricio Pochettino has been relieved of his duties at the club. Struggling Spurs After surprising the masses in making it all the way to the Champions League final last season, Spurs have since endured a nightmare start to the new campaign.… November 19, 2019 In "Sports" Mauricio Pochettino may leave Tottenham It’s been a tough start to the season for Tottenham. Spurs are 14th in the Premier League with 14 points from 12 matches. This Saturday, West Ham host Tottenham in the league. What will happen if Spurs lose away at the Hammers? A few days… November 19, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham have sacked head coach Mauricio Pochettino after five years in charge of the club. "We were extremely reluctant to make this change and it is not a decision the Board has taken lightly, nor in haste," said Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. "Regrettably domestic results at the end of last… November 19, 2019 In "News"