West Ham will face off with Tottenham in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Both sides head into the tie in desperate need of a victory. The Hammers go into the weekend’s action down in 16th place with a dismal 13 points amassed from their opening 12 PL ties of 2019/20. Manuel Pellegrini’s side are also now just five points adrift of the relegation zone and have not won any of their last five league outings. Tottenham are in similarly poor form and begin the weekend down in 14th place. Spurs have won just three league games all season and are already 11 points adrift of the Premier League top-four. Saturday’s tie will also be Spurs’ first game since they confirmed Mauricio Pochettino is no longer their manager. Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js ROMFORD, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 31: Manuel Pellegrini of West Ham United looks on during his Press Conference after Training at Rush Green on October 31, 2019 in Romford, England. (Photo by Arfa Griffiths/West Ham United FC via Getty Images) Ahead of the crunch clash, the Evening Standard have handed West Ham fans a bit of a boost. Mark Noble managed just 20 minutes of action in West Ham’s last game as they were comprehensively beaten by Burnley. The Evening Standard claimed that Noble twisted his ankle in said defeat. However, the same report from the Standard also alleges that West Ham are optimistic Noble will be fit to face Spurs: West Ham are optimistic captain Mark Noble will be fit for their crunch derby against Tottenham on Saturday. The midfielder will be monitored closely this week and West Ham are hopeful he will at least be on the bench. See also: Official: Mauricio Pochettino sacked as Tottenham boss Criticism of Cristiano Ronaldo’s 99 Portugal goals when compared to Leo Messi’s Argentina stats     Source: Great Goals Tottenham struggling Tottenham’s 2019/20 campaign has, so far, probably not been what Spurs fans were expecting after making it to the 2019 Champions League final. 12 games into the Premier League season and it already looks as though Spurs may struggle to crack the top-four. Currently, the North London outfit… November 15, 2019 In "Sports" Onana & Tottenham Andre Onana has been on Ajax’s books since January of 2015. The 23-year-old would move from Barcelona’s under-19 side for a fee believed to be around £135,000. Onana looks to have been a real steal for the Dutch champions. Despite only being 23, Onana has already racked… November 3, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester vs Arsenal Arsenal will travel to Leicester in Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off. Despite it only being early November, the tie could have huge implications for Arsenal’s top-four hopes this campaign. The North London outfit head into the weekend’s actions 5th in the Premier League. But they are already… November 8, 2019 In "Sports"