A report from Spanish outlet Cope this afternoon has made a number of explosive claims regarding Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba. Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the Frenchman again proved himself to be one of the most infuriatingly-inconsistent players in world football, Pogba was heavily-targeted by the United faithful on the final day of the season: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the growing tension between the 26-year-old and the Red Devils, coupled with Real Madrid’s public chase of a superstar midfield addition, resulted in Pogba being hotly-tipped to make a move to the Bernabeu. The former Juventus man’s agent, Mino Raiola, meanwhile, added fuel to the fire regarding a potential summer exit from Old Trafford for his client back in July, in admitting: ‘Everyone within the club from the manager to the owner knows Paul’s wishes.’ ‘Everyone knows the willingness of Paul to move on. We are in the process of that. Everyone knows what the feelings of Paul are.’ In the end, however, upon the European transfer deadline passing in September, Pogba remained a Manchester United player. If the latest reports stemming from Spain today prove accurate, though, then this may not prove the case for too much longer. Pogba is currently sidelined with an ankle problem, which has allowed the Frenchman to make just 5 Premier League appearances to this point in the campaign. Pogba’s most recent showing came almost two months ago, in a 1-1 stalemate with Arsenal at Old Trafford. Paul Pogba reacts during the Premier League match at Old Trafford Manchester United v Arsenal – Premier League – Old Trafford 30-09-2019 . (Photo by Barrington Coombs/EMPICS/PA Images via Getty Images) As per the aforementioned report from Cope, though, the midfield maestro is actually fully fit to play. After it was originally suggested by Paco Gonzalez of Tiempo de Juego that Pogba was sitting out Manchester United’s latest fixtures by choice, rather than necessity, Cope have since doubled down on these claims, citing a pair of direct sources in Manchester. The 26-year-old is said to be doing so in a bid to force a January departure. And Cope go on to claim that Pogba may soon have his wish granted. After vetoing the sale of his star man this past summer, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is now said to be open to the idea of Pogba moving on during the winter transfer window. Manchester United, though, are determined to secure the highest transfer fee possible, with the 2018 World Cup winner valued at around €150 million. Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals