Michy Batshuayi has this evening expressed his commitment to the Chelsea cause, assuring that he intends to stay and fight for his place at the club. 26-year-old striker Batshuayi has been on the books of Chelsea since 2016, when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Ligue 1 outfit Marseille for 40 million Euro. However, despite the hefty fee splashed out on his signature, Batshuayi has since largely failed to impress with Chelsea. After managing just 4 Premier League starts across his first 18 months in the English capital, the Belgian international was subsequently farmed out on a series of loans over the last couple of seasons. Short stints with both Borussia Dortmund and Crystal Palace saw Batshuayi impress, en route to a combined 12 goals in 21 league appearances. Michy Batshuayi celebrates scoring his second goal on his debut during the Bundesliga match between 1. FC Koeln and Borussia Dortmund at RheinEnergieStadion on February 2, 2018 in Cologne, Germany. (Photo by Alex Grimm/Bongarts/Getty Images) As such, on the back of a solid spell at Selhurst Park over the second-half of last season, Batshuayi was subsequently handed another chance to impress at Chelsea by new boss Frank Lampard for the opening half of the current campaign. With the Pensioners having been unable to secure a big-money addition at centre-forward over the summer due to the club’s transfer ban, Tammy Abraham, Olivier Giroud and Batshuayi were left to battle it out for a starting berth. Abraham has since gone on to make this place his own, but Batshuayi has, to the surprise of many, edged out Giroud for the role of backup. The Belgian has notched an impressive 5 goals and 2 assists across 11 appearances to this point in the campaign. Significantly, though, only 2 of these showings have come in the form of starts. As such, questions had begun to mount of late regarding the possibility of Batshuayi seeking a January exit, in search of more consistent playing time. Such a possibility has seemingly been ruled out, though, by the hitman himself. When questioned on his future earlier today, Batshuayi was quick to reaffirm his ‘love’ for Chelsea, assuring that Stamford Bridge is where he feels ‘at home’: ‘I have never been a fully-fledged starter. But Chelsea is my club. That’s where I feel at home. It’s a club I love deeply.’ ‘When I was young, it’s true that I had some problems with discipline. But what young person doesn’t? Today, I’m 26 years old. I can channel myself and I work at training and in the game.’ ‘I’m playful, but I choose my moments. At 0-0 I’m going to be serious. At 2 or 3-0 I’m going to play it up. Being cool is part of my personality.’ Quotes via Goal Chelsea reportedly keeping tabs on Genk’s Sander Berge/ midfielder wants to ‘play at Anfield as often as possible’ Willian reportedly pumps brakes on Chelsea renewal & how Blues helped Sergio Aguero join Man City Source: Great Goals Pulisic’s lack of game time Christian Pulisic was signed by Chelsea in January of 2019 from Borussia Dortmund. The Blues are said to have paid £58m for the winger before loaning him back to the German outfit for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. But since his arrival at Stamford… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Morata replacing Batshuayi Chelsea striker, Michy Batshuayi has denied laughing at Alvaro Morata after his teammate missed his penalty in the FA Community Shield loss to Arsenal on Sunday. A video of the Belgian international laughing behind Morata before getting a hold of himself went viral after the match. Batshuayi… August 7, 2017 In "News" <p class="">Henry Onyekuru may make a January move to Spain or Germany according to reports.</p> <h1>ï»¿Super Eagles forward Henry Onyekuruï»¿ has been linked with a move to Spanish LaLiga giants Valencia and German Bundesliga giants Borussia Dortmund.</h1> <p class="">The 21-year-old was sent out on loan by <strong>Premier League</strong> giants <strong>Everton</strong>… January 3, 2019 In "News"