From Real Madrid’s Rodrygo to Tottenham’s freak goal, it was another drama-filled night of Champions League football on Wednesday. Starting with Manchester City, Pep Guardiola’s side secured a 1-1 draw against Atalanta. Claudio Bravo was also sent off during the clash, with Kyle Walker chosen to go in goal for the last ten minutes! Meanwhile, Tottenham secured a confidence-building victory over Red Star. Goals from Lo Celso, Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen secure a 4-0 win. Elsewhere, a late Shakhtar Donetsk goal secured a 3-3 draw with Dinamo Zagreb, while Bayer Leverkusen beat Atletico Madrid 2-1. Paris Saint-Germain also beat Club Brugge 1-0, while Real Madrid dominated Galatasaray in a 6-0 win. Now, we’ve rounded up four things we learned from tonight’s games. Leverkusen lead will they make it to the last 16⁣ ⁣ #UCL A post shared by  UEFA Champions League (@championsleague) on Nov 6, 2019 at 1:31pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Manchester City suffered what could be a huge blow ahead of their clash with Liverpool on Sunday. That’s because Ederson was surprisingly substituted at half-time of City’s clash with an injury. Claudio Bravo was brought on after the break and it was revealed by BT Sport during their broadcast that Ederson had suffered a ‘minor injury’. However, with just four days between now and possibly their biggest game of the season, this isn’t ideal by any stretch of the imagination. The situation was then made even worse when Claudio Bravo was sent off in the second half. Kyle Walker was even asked to go in goal, incredibly saving more shots in his short stint than Bravo did! However, the Ederson injury and Bravo’s horror show will not bode well with Guardiola. Ederson was substituted as a precaution, after picking up a ‘minor injury’ in the first-half. [@btsportfootball] — Man City Xtra (@City_Xtra) November 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tonight, Real Madrid’s 18-year-old star Rodrygo announced himself on the Champions League stage. The Brazilian officially joined Los Blancos over the summer from Santos in a reported €45million deal. Despite making just four La Liga appearances so far this season, Rodrygo has scored two goals. He’s now taken those impressive performances into the Champions League too. Rodrygo scored his first goal on Europe’s top stage within the first five minutes. The Brazilian received the ball on the right side of the box, before selling his defender, cutting inside and rifling into the bottom left corner. His second goal then came just three minutes later, when he scored from a Marcelo cross to complete his brace. Incredibly, that stat also meant that Rodrygo has scored the quickest brace in Champions League history. The Brazilian then went on to get an assist before completing his hat-trick in added time. Not bad on just your second appearance in the competition! 18-year-old Rodrygo has his first #UCL hat-trick pic.twitter.com/LM5Jly5Rd3 — B/R Football (@brfootball) November 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This evening, we witnessed one of the most incredible goals we have ever seen. Though, contrary to what you’re probably thinking, it wasn’t because it was a good goal. In fact, it was quite the opposite. Giovani Lo Celso scored one of the most unfortunate but also fortunate goal of his career. Harry Kane was sent through on goal by the Argentine, but the strikers effort bounced back off the post. Son Heung-min then latched onto the loose ball, but his shot was blocked on the line. The ball then fell to Kane again in the same move, with the striker dragging his shot right into the path of Son. However, the South Korean somehow hit the bar from three yards out, before the ball fell to Lo Celso and he finally put Spurs ahead. If goals like that exist in real life, maybe FIFA isn’t realistic after all! bar hit.
post hit.
clearance on the line. Lo Celso – eventually – scores on his first start for Spurs in one of the all-time goalmouth scrambles! pic.twitter.com/ccGn4FeYDX — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js It’s not very often that VAR gets praise in football. The use of VAR in the Premier League has been under the spotlight for a number of weeks now. A number of high profile mistakes, misuse of the equipment and consistent debate has somewhat tarnished the idea of technology in football. However, the use of VAR in the Champions League will give football fans some hope that the system could actually work. The game we are referencing is the Manchester City clash with Atalanta, where VAR came in for some rare praise. Never thought I’d praise UEFA for something but their use of VAR shows what a pig’s ear the Premier League are making of it. I still don’t like it but imagine what that pen/not pen/free kick/ then a pen sequence would have been like in a PL game #MCFC #ATAMCI — Chris Slater (@chrisslaterMEN) November 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Firstly, a penalty was awarded for Manchester City after a tug on Raheem Sterling’s shirt, but VAR rightly ruled it as a free-kick on the edge of the box. It was sorted relatively quickly and with little drama. Not long after, VAR awarded a penalty to Manchester City after a Sterling free-kick was blocked by a hand in the wall. Despite a slightly longer delay, the referee was asked to consult the pitchside monitor and gave what looked to be a deserved penalty. We can only hope some Premier League officials are watching. VAR Atalanta-Man City Referee awards Man City a penalty
Looked to be outside the area
Referee gets whisper in ear
He was wrong
No complaints
Free kick given VAR used they way it should be — Adriano Del Monte (@adriandelmonte) November 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Source: Great Goals A great night of football The Champions League group stage continued on Wednesday night, with brilliant clashes including Paris Saint-Germain vs Real Madrid and Atletico vs Juventus. After some entertaining games on Tuesday, there was a brilliant line-up on Wednesday. Starting with PSG vs Real Madrid, it was the French… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" By Johnny Edward: Tottenham Hotspur outclassed Real Madrid 3-1 to book a place in the round of the 16 of the UEFA Champions League on Wednesday night. A brace from Dele Alli and another wonderful strike from Christian Ericson secured a comfortable win over the reigning champions who were lethargic at… November 1, 2017 In "Sports" Another week of great Champions League entertainment On a night where Lionel Messi broke records, Liverpool beat Genk and Prague almost surprised Barcelona, here’s three things we learned from Wednesday evening. Starting with the defending Champions, Liverpool solidified their spot at the top of Group E with a win over… October 23, 2019 In "Sports"