On Monday, Chelsea confirmed that they’ll appeal their current transfer ban. Chelsea will make their case against the transfer ban to Court of Arbitration for Sport on November 20. At present, Chelsea cannot sign any new players until next summer. However, if Chelsea are successful in their appeal, the Blues will be allowed to sign new talent this January. Lampard on CAS transfer ban: "I will be very interested of course because of how it relates. I have no comments because I don't know enough details. It is a legal matter. I am interested because it affects what we do in Jan or not." #CFC — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) November 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In the Telegraph on Tuesday, reporter Matt Law has speculated how Chelsea may move in the transfer market this January if they win their day in court. Matt Law believes that Chelsea could spend around 150 million pounds in the winter window. The Telegraph reporter justified the size of that transfer kitty, noting: Following qualification for this season’s Champions League and the sales of Eden Hazard, David Luiz and a host of fringe players, with £58m also due from the departure of Alvaro Morata, Chelsea have at least £150m ready for transfers. Frank Lampard confirms he is ready to start spending £150m transfer kitty if Chelsea's ban is lifted in time for January. The club are already looking at targets #cfchttps://t.co/hCtwyYkrDk — Matt Law (@Matt_Law_DT) November 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One target for Chelsea may be Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha. Zaha tried to leave Selhurst Park last summer – he was heavily linked with Arsenal and Everton – however, the Ivory Coast international ended up remaining with the Eagles. Zaha is yet to score in the Premier League this season, while he’s registered two assists. Matt Law believes that Chelsea are hoping to sign new forwards in the near future, and Zaha is one target: With Olivier Giroud and Pedro Rodriguez both running down their contracts, and Willian still yet to commit to a deal past the end of this season, Chelsea are looking at strikers and wide players. Lyon striker Moussa Dembele and Crystal Palace and Borussia Dortmund wingers Wilfried Zaha and Jadon Sancho are among the players Chelsea are interested in. However, Chelsea are also interested in boosting their defensive options as well. Matt Law named Leicester’s Ben Chilwell and Bournemouth’s Nathan Ake as Chelsea targets: The Blues are also following Leicester City left-back Ben Chilwell, who is unlikely to be available in January, and Bournemouth central defender Nathan Ake who they can buy back for £40m. Also see: Why David Silva will miss Liverpool & Man City’s plan B revealed in Southampton win Chelsea vs Ajax betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea manager Frank Lampard has this evening confirmed that the club could well flex their financial muscle in January, if the club’s appeal against their transfer ban proves successful. FIFA’s Chelsea case Premier League giants Chelsea were officially hit with a 2-window transfer ban by FIFA late in February. The… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from the Mirror, Chelsea expect FIFA to reduce the club’s transfer ban from two windows to one, meaning they would be allowed to sign players following the turn of the year. FIFA’s Chelsea case Premier League giants Chelsea were officially hit with a 2-window transfer ban… September 9, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea have taken their appeal against a two-window transfer ban imposed by Fifa to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The Blues are not allowed to buy players until the end of January 2020, and failed with their first appeal to the world football governing body, FIFA. It followed an… June 7, 2019 In "Sports"