Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening revealed his opinion that his side’s draw with Sheffield United showcased the fact that the Red Devils are much improved when compared to last season. Solskjaer’s men visited Bramall Lane earlier today, for their latest Premier League outing. Spirits were no doubt high in the visitors’ camp heading into proceedings, on the back of 5 wins from their last 6 across all competitions. United’s subsequent display, however, did not paint the picture of a side in the midst of a solid run of form. The opening 70 minutes saw the Manchester giants utterly dominated by their hosts, and deservedly trailing by 2 goals to nil. 1 – Manchester United had just one shot in the first half against Sheffield United, the fewest they’ve had in the first half of a Premier League game under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Blunt. pic.twitter.com/4aB5gYm5tZ — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Incredibly, though, an explosive 7-minute spell on the part of the away side soon saw the clash turned on its head, as strikes from Brandon Williams, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford put United 3-2 up. Chris Wilder’s Blades, however, showcased their fighting spirit as the matchup entered its closing stages, leading to substitute Oli McBurnie securing a share of the spoils with an injury-time volley. While Manchester United, in the end, will likely be disappointed that they only came away from Bramall Lane with a point, most would no doubt argue that the Red Devils, on the balance of play, were in fact lucky to secure any return at all. Save for a 10-minute collapse late in the second-half, Sheffield United were the dominant force in Sunday’s solitary Premier League fixture. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, though, was nevertheless keen to focus on the positives following his side’s latest outing. Speaking in a post-match interview with Sky Sports, the Manchester United boss revealed his opinion that, had the Red Devils been as thoroughly dominated over the opening hour+ in a matchup last season, they would have quickly capitulated, to fall ‘3, 4 or 5 down’: ‘The difference between this year’s team and last year’s team is huge. At 2-0 down I’m thinking, my mind is going back to Everton. No doubt about the drive, the energy, the attitude of these boys. They never give in. Last year we would have been 3, 4 or 5 down.’ “The difference between this year’s team and last year’s is huge. Last year we would’ve been 3, 4 or 5 down.” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer speaks after his side’s dramatic draw. Watch the reaction now on Sky Sports PL or follow online here: https://t.co/40371D6Ci7 pic.twitter.com/1ZNTWu1O1E — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js David Ornstein confirms Man United & Liverpool interest in Jadon Sancho Aston Villa vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Gary Neville has reacted to Manchester United’s disappointing showing versus Sheffield United by outlining which areas he feels his former side require reinforcements in. Sheffield United 3-3 Man United Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men visited Bramall Lane yesterday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Spirits were no doubt high in… November 25, 2019 In "Sports" Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Former Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho this evening took aim at current Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with a typically-ruthless jibe. United vs Liverpool Solskjaer’s men welcomed historic rivals Liverpool to Old Trafford a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings in… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"