T.I. Early this week, rapper T.I. was a guest on Nazanin Mandi and Nadia Moham’s “Ladies Like Us” podcast, and he made some statements that have since attracted many responses. In the podcast, he spoke about having “yearly trips to then gynecologist” with his 18-year-old daughter, Deyjah Harris. “to check her hymen.” T.I. recalled visiting the doctor after his daughter’s 16th birthday. Right after the birthday, we celebrate…usually the day after the party, she’s enjoying her gifts, I put a sticky note on the door, ‘Gyno, tomorrow, 9:30’. We’ll go and sit down and the doctor will come and talk, and you know, the doctors maintain a high level of professionalism. He’s like, ‘Well, you know sir, in order for me to share information…’ I say, ‘Deyjah they want you to sign this…so we can share information. Is there anything that you would not want me to know? I said, ‘Look doc, she don’t ride no horses, she don’t ride no bike, she don’t play no sports, man, just check the hymen please and give me back my results, expeditiously’. But I will say, as of her 18th birthday, her hymen is still intact. His comments ignited a frenzy on social media. Now, the hosts Nazanin and Nadia have posted a statement on their social media pages, addressing their response to T.I.’s comments on the episode. It reads: To everyone confused, angry and hurt by the recent episode of Ladies Like Us, we want to apologize for our knee jerk reaction to the uncomfortable topic. We were completely caught off guard/shocked and looking back, we should have reacted much differently in the moment. The comments that were mad and the reaction that followed are not in any way a reflection of our personal views on the topic. We support and love Women and feel that their bodies are theirs to do as they wish. There was absolutely no ill intent towards any party involved & feel deeply awful about the entire incident. We are not perfect, take full accountability of our lack of action & are continuously learning along the way. We know an apology doesn’t make this go away but we welcome the discussion- that’s what our podcast is about. Sincerely, Nazanin & Nadia.   A post shared by Nazanin Mandi Pimentel (@nazaninmandi) on Nov 7, 2019 at 7:39am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post The Hosts of “Ladies Like Us” have Something to Say about their Interview with T.I. appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija American rapper; Clifford Joseph Harris, popularly known as T.I was on his podcast few days ago and he revealed his 50 greatest rappers. The American act who has an identity for not always shying away from his opinion on certain situations no matter the consequence named his 50 greatest rappers… October 8, 2019 In "Music/Video" Precious Harris, older sister to American rapper T.I, had an asthma attack on the road, which caused to have the accident that led to her death. According to the Atlanta PD traffic accident report obtained by TMZ, T.I.’s grandniece, Kairi Chapman, was riding as a passenger with Precious behind the… March 1, 2019 In "News" In honor of Father's Day, we are highlighting the story of one of these parents: Moises Funtila, 48, whose daughter Katie had brain cancer. Every year, more than 15,700 kids in the United States will be diagnosed with cancer. This means there are tens of thousands of parents who are forced to navigate… June 15, 2018 In "News"