Malteser International has been working in Nigeria since 2017. In Northeast Nigeria and more specifically in Borno State, MI is currently active in the WASH sector for improving the lives of both the IDP population as well as the host communities. The WASH activities focus on improved access to safe water, sanitation and hygiene. They include NFI distribution, solarization of boreholes, rehabilitation of hand pumps, construction of latrines and hygiene promotion. Malteser International thereby applies a participatory, gender sensitive and inclusive approach. In support of our work in Nigeria, Malteser International is looking for a motivated candidate to fill the position below:

Job Title: Program Administrator (m/f/d) Location: Maiduguri, Nigeria with frequent travel to field locations and Abuja
Duration of contract: 7 months, extension very likely Job Descriptions Responsibilities Qualifications Conditions and Remuneration Application Closing Date
30th November, 2019. The post Program Administrator at Malteser International appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Malteser International delivers humanitarian assistance to the affected population (IDPs, host communities and refugees) in Nigeria in response to the current famine crisis and displacement in the region since July 2017. In cooperation with a local partner we are implementing a comprehensive project for Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) and… June 19, 2019 In "Jobs" The International Rescue Committee, one of the world’s largest humanitarian agencies, provides relief, rehabilitation and post-conflict reconstruction support to victims of natural disaster, oppression and violent conflict in 42 countries. The IRC is committed to bold leadership, innovation and creative partnerships. Active in public health, education, livelihoods, women’s empowerment, youth… September 16, 2019 In "Gists" Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) is a member of the ACT Alliance and works with people and local actors, especially Faith-based actors in many countries where it works in their struggle to eradicate poverty and injustices. We provide humanitarian assistance in disasters and work for long-term development in local communities and… November 11, 2019 In "Gists"