Everton boss Marco Silva has revealed injuries to Seamus Coleman, Morgan Schneiderlin and Theo Walcott ahead of their clash with Leicester. The Toffees and Silva go into this game simply needing at least a point. Everton are currently 16th in the Premier League and have several big games coming up. Following the clash with Leicester, Everton will come up against Liverpool, Chelsea, Manchester United and Arsenal. With that in mind and Marco Silva very much under pressure, today’s news would not have been welcome. Everton’s Caldeira Bernard goes down injured during the Premier League match at the AMEX Stadium, Brighton. (Photo by Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images) That’s because Silva has revealed some pretty devastating injuries. Theo Walcott, Morgan Schneiderlin and Fabian Delph are big doubts for the game, while Seamus Coleman will miss out. That leaves Everton extremely short in the centre of midfield. “Unfortunately some not good news. Let’s see tomorrow, one more session. But the news is not so good. Even in these moments our players are working really hard,” Silva explained, as quoted by the Liverpool Echo. “To be more clear, Morgan is a big doubt. Theo the same. Fabian Delph would be really difficult for him to be fit. “Richarlison will be okay. You know about Andre and JP. Bernard is ready. (He’s) doing full session but he needs time because he was more than one month out of the team. But he is better. “Unfortunately for us Coleman will be out as well.” One piece of good news for Everton is that Richarlison will soon sign a new deal. Director of football Marcel Brands revealed earlier in the day that a deal was in the offing, and Marco Silva backed that up in his pre-Leicester press conference. “It’s really close, it’s not done but we are working on that,” Silva continued. “The conversations were clear, I was clear, our board as well that he is an important player for us.” //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Liverpool vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals