Following Man City’s 3-1 defeat at Anfield on Sunday, the reigning Premier League champs are fourth in the division. Liverpool are top on 34 points, while Leicester are above Chelsea with both teams on 26 points. Man City have 25 points. Following the international break, Man City host Chelsea at the Etihad Stadium.   Which team has impressed you the most so far? A post shared by  Premier League (@premierleague) on Nov 11, 2019 at 1:15am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The Daily Mail have published quotes from Frank Lampard following Liverpool’s win over Man City. Asked whether the Blues are now in the title race, Lampard distanced himself from the question: It’s nice to be above City, because I’ve got huge respect for them. What a team. But I certainly won’t announce ourselves in a title race because we are relatively new, because we are in transition with younger players. To get carried away would be our biggest enemy. To say that would be a bit naive because we are not even a third of the way through the season. If we can keep replicating the form, keep replicating the results, then we can certainly close the gap, and I think that is the first step.   Tell them how you really feel, Pep ✌️😤 . . . . . . . . . .#city #football #pep #liverpool #football A post shared by  HaytersTV (@hayterstv) on Nov 10, 2019 at 10:37am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Gabriel Jesus replaced Sergio Aguero in the final 20 minutes of Sunday’s match. After the match, ESPN Mundo reporter Joao Castelo-Branco revealed that Gabriel Jesus “limped out of Anfield”. Gabriel Jesus saiu de Anfield mancando bastante. #selecaobrasileira — Joao Castelo-Branco (@j_castelobranco) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Why Man City & Tottenham face recruitment problems in January. What shocked Gary Neville the most after Liverpool beat Man City & why referees need the international break. Source: Great Goals Keown’s top four Martin Keown has made his prediction for the 2019/20 Premier League top four. Four games into the PL season we have Liverpool top of the table as the only side to pick up wins in all of their league clashes so far. Manchester City are then in… September 3, 2019 In "Sports" Frank Lampard has this afternoon revealed that Chelsea star N’Golo Kante could be set for a spell on the sidelines, in a bid to regain full fitness. Burnley vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to Turf Moor tomorrow evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Chelsea will head… October 25, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea’s season so far Chelsea have probably not had the start to the season Frank Lampard was hoping for. After four Premier League games of the 2019/20 season, Chelsea sit 11th in the table. The Blues have won just one of their PL games under Lampard, that win coming against… September 12, 2019 In "Sports"