Arsenal suffered another bruising Premier League defeat on Saturday losing 2-0 to Leicester. While Leicester are surging in the league and looking dead-certs to finish in the top four, Arsenal are once again faltering. The Gunners never looked like winning at the King Power Stadium once the Foxes took the lead through Jamie Vardy. Vardy later turned provider as James Maddison wrapped up the points. Should Arsenal sack Unai Emery? While many fans wish the Spaniard would be axed, the Athletic’s David Ornstein has made it clear on Sunday that Emery is going nowhere. Ornstein has reported that Arsenal have zero intention of sacking their manager: The Athletic has been informed by senior sources that Arsenal’s hierarchy remain “100 per cent” behind Emery and still plan to wait until the summer before making a decision on his future… There is no attempt to hide the fact that most of their problems have been self inflicted, though they also apportion blame to the Video Assistant Referee (VAR) system. Arsenal bosses “100%” behind Unai Emery, deny considering change or talking to candidates, plan to review in summer. Kroenkes + execs offering full support, won’t react to “noise”, feel results will improve atmos & think #AFC on right path. @TheAthleticUK: https://t.co/rXXrMAtd9a — David Ornstein (@David_Ornstein) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js So why aren’t Arsenal keen to sack Emery? According to Ornstein, it’s because they believe he’s leading the team in the right direction: (The Arsenal board) are adamant their project is sound, well planned and will bring success, provided the external atmosphere allows it to do so. They hope the international break comes at a good time for the squad — allowing them a welcome change of scenery — but accept the absence of domestic matches will increase the “noise” around Emery and they are determined not to let it influence their thoughts or actions. That rumour popped up in the Sunday tabloids following an initial claim in Spanish paper El Confidencial. It’s claimed that Arsenal’s head of football, Raul Sanllehi, has been in touch with Luis Enrique to enquire about his availability. Enrique is the former Celta Vigo, Barcelona and Spanish manager. He’s currently out of the game following the tragic passing of his daughter. Luis Enrique ‘contacted’ by Arsenal to replace Unai Emeryhttps://t.co/mplZXEJpyX — The Sun Football ⚽ (@TheSunFootball) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, while these Arsenal-Enrique stories fly about, the Athletic suggest that it’s a load of rubbish: Reports of contact being established with potential successors to Emery are vigorously denied and it has been clearly communicated that they are not considering a change of head coach. It should also be noted that a few weeks ago stories circled that Raul Sanllehi had met Jose Mourinho for a meal. Arsenal later denied that meeting ever happened. Also see: Liverpool vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction & odds. Liverpool vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals Arsenal’s defeat at Sheffield United this evening has seen one man in particular unsurprisingly singled out for heavy criticism. Arsenal downed Unai Emery’s men travelled to Bramall Lane a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Gunners headed into proceedings amid a fine recent run of form,… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Unai Emery has challenged Aaron Ramsey to end his Arsenal career on a high. The Gunners are in the thick of a four-way battle for two Champions League qualification spots in the Premier League and have one foot in the Europa League semi-finals after earning a 2-0 quarter-final first leg… April 14, 2019 In "Sports" The sorry state of Arsenal football club Some of the Arsenal squad reportedly mock manager Unai Emery behind his back, while younger players openly do impressions of the Spaniard. It’s been a difficult season for Unai Emery. Arsenal have struggled to build-up any momentum so far this season and have… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"