Manchester United’s meeting with FK Partizan this evening saw one major positive taken away from proceedings for the Red Devils, in the form of the superb link-up play between Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men welcomed Serbian giants Partizan to Old Trafford a short time ago, for their latest Europa League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings having been ousted from their spot atop the Group L table earlier today, following AZ Alkmaar’s thumping of Astana. As such, United no doubt entered this evening’s matchup with their sights firmly set on reestablishing themselves as group leaders. And, when all was said and done in Manchester, the English giants managed just that, in some style. A creative, attack-minded display eventually saw United run out convincing 3-0 victors. Youngster Mason Greenwood set the home side on their way with 20 minutes on the clock, latching onto Marcus Rashford’s through ball before cutting inside and lashing home in confident fashion. Mason Greenwood scores AGAIN 🙌 Man Utd go up 1-0 after the youngster reacts quickest and finishes with ease! pic.twitter.com/ltARzN3Irw — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Anthony Martial then made it 2 just past the half-hour mark, with a sumptuous piece of individual skill followed by a deft finish. And Marcus Rashford rounded out the game’s scoring shortly after the interval, rifling a fantastic finish into the roof of the Partizan net with his left foot. As such, Manchester United have moved back to the top of the Europa League Group L table, with 10 points from 4 games. All told, tonight proved a genuine 90 minutes’ work to be proud of for the Red Devils. The Old Trafford powerhouse looked dangerous throughout proceedings, performing with a vigour and attacking intent that has been sorely missing from their play for essentially the entire campaign to this point. While some will no doubt argue that it came against a rather lacklustre Partizan side, the fact is that United could only put to the sword the side that were in front of them. Besides, the hosts have struggled majorly against poor sides already over the early months of the season, with their displays against the likes of Astana, Rochdale and even their opponents this evening two weeks ago, having all proven thoroughly sub-par. Amongst the many positives to have been taken from tonight, though, one that many fans of the Red Devils will no doubt be most pleased about was the link-up play between Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer opted for an exciting, pacy front-3 of Rashford, Martial and Mason Greenwood versus Partizan. And, while 18-year-old Greenwood impressed once again on the right with his latest composed display, it was the explosive and, crucially, fruitful partnership between United’s more-established attackers which lit up Old Trafford during their hour+ on the pitch together. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Marcus Rashford of Manchester United in action with Nemanja Miletic of Partizan Belgrade during the UEFA Europa League group L match between Manchester United and Partizan at Old Trafford on November 07, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matthew Peters/Manchester United via Getty Images) The first-half in particular saw the visitors’ defenders time and time again struggle to deal with the incisive one-twos between Rashford and Martial, as the pair intelligently took turns dropping deep while the other burst in behind. There appears no doubt at this point that Rashford is simply a better player when fielded on the left, with his at-times questionable finishing less of an issue when he is also given the freedom to wreak havoc and create with his seering pace along the wing. The English international’s bursts inside towards the edge of the Partizan box were time and time again rewarded over the opening 45 minutes, as he dipped between the lines of the away side’s midfield and defence whilst playing off partner in crime Martial. Significantly, the performances of both players were also not without substance, as United’s first-choice front-2 each managed to find the net in style. Anthony Martial that is special 🤩 You need to see the replays to appreciate how good that footwork is… Great goal 👌 pic.twitter.com/0By8oricsp — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The ability of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men to carry their attacking prowess showcased tonight into the coming weeks and months is likely set to hinge on whether or not Rashford and Martial can continue and build on their impressive connection moving forward. The early signs, though, look very, very positive. Liverpool vs Manchester City free bets & enhanced betting offers Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals Manchester United easily secured their place in the Europa League knockouts thanks to Anthony Martial, Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford. Source: Goal November 7, 2019 In "Gists" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has provided an update on the fitness of goalkeeper David de Gea, after the Spaniard was omitted from the club’s travelling squad to face Partizan. United back in European action The Red Devils are set to get their latest Europa League test underway in… October 24, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided his take on his side’s hard-fought win over Partizan. Martial’s strike the difference The Red Devils visited the Partizan stadium a short time ago, for their latest Europa League outing. United headed into proceedings looking to establish firm control of… October 24, 2019 In "Sports"