Premier League giants Tottenham have this evening confirmed that Mauricio Pochettino has been relieved of his duties at the club. After surprising the masses in making it all the way to the Champions League final last season, Spurs have since endured a nightmare start to the new campaign. The north Londoners currently sit in a lowly 14th spot in the Premier League table, having notched just 3 wins from their opening 12 fixtures. Some of the lowlights of their league campaign to this point include a 3-0 defeat at Brighton, and a 1-0 defeat at home to Newcastle, with Tottenham actually without a Premier League win since the end of September. Elsewhere, the capital giants were also ousted from the League Cup by League Two outfit Colchester, and fell to an absolutely embarrassing 7-2 defeat at the hands of Bayern Munich in the Champions League. As such, despite having long been regarded as one of the finest tacticians in England, rumours had begun to mount of late that Mauricio Pochettino was inching towards the Spurs exit door. In fact, reports over the course of the last week hinted that the Argentine tactician’s job hinged on the club’s result versus London rivals West Ham this weekend. But, in a bolt from the blue this evening, Tottenham have come to the decision that they can no longer wait for results to improve. As confirmed across the Lilywhites’ social media platforms a short time ago, Pochettino, along with 3 members of his staff, have been ‘relieved of their duties’ with immediate effect. As per the club’s official statement on behalf of chairman Daniel Levy: ‘We were extremely reluctant to make this change and it is not a decision the board has taken lightly, nor in haste.’ ‘Regrettably domestic results at the end of last season and beginning of this season have been extremely disappointing.’ ‘It falls to the board to make the difficult decisions – this one made more so given the many memorable moments we have had with Mauricio and his coaching staff – but we do so in the club’s best interests.’ Levy continued: ‘I have the utmost admiration for the manner in which he dealt with the difficult times away from a home ground whilst we built the new stadium and for the warmth and positivity he brought to us.’ ‘I should like to thank him and his coaching staff for all they have contributed. They will always be welcome here.’ Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Pochettino’s Spurs stint lasted 5 years, after the South American originally took the reins in north London in 2014. Gareth Southgate on his chances of leading England to 2022 World Cup Official: Luis Enrique returns as Spain boss Source: Great Goals Tottenham struggling Mauricio Pochettino reached perhaps his highest moment as Tottenham boss last season. Despite the rocky start to the group stage, Spurs made it all the way to the 2019 Champions League final. An incredible achievement given, at the time, the club had not signed a single first-team player… October 7, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham’s poor form Tottenham have had a horrendous start to their 2019/20 campaign by their usual standards. Mauricio Pochettino managed to guide his Spurs side all the way to the 2019 Champions League final last season. However, despite having kept pretty much the same squad as last campaign, plus the… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham struggling Tottenham’s 2019/20 campaign has, so far, probably not been what Spurs fans were expecting after making it to the 2019 Champions League final. 12 games into the Premier League season and it already looks as though Spurs may struggle to crack the top-four. Currently, the North London outfit… November 15, 2019 In "Sports"