Manchester United are reportedly weighing up a move for Borussia Dortmund winger Jadon Sancho in the January transfer window. Sancho has taken the Bundesliga by storm since joining Dortmund from Manchester City. In his 73 appearances at the German club, Sancho has scored 18 goals and assisted an impressive 31. His form over in Germany has alerted British clubs and now they seem to be lining up for his signature. Chelsea have been linked with a move with Sancho before, while Liverpool have also been mooted as a potential destination. Now, it’s Manchester United who are being linked and they could reportedly make a move for Sancho in the January transfer window. DORTMUND, GERMANY – APRIL 27: Christian Pulisic of Borussia Dortmund and Jadon Malik Sancho of Borussia Dortmund looks dejected after the Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and FC Schalke 04 at Signal Iduna Park on April 27, 2019 in Dortmund, Germany. (Photo by TF-Images/Getty Images) According to the Guardian, Manchester United are considering a January move for Sancho. It’s said that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has identified the player as a target for next summer. However, executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward ‘has a policy of trying to sign players of interest in the preceding winter window should there be a chance of doing so’. The report also states that Solskjaer has been alerted to Sancho’s recent problems at Dortmund. The Englishman was recently fined and dropped for returning from England duty late. Finally, Manchester United would not be the only club moving for Sancho if they pursue him. According to the Guardian, ‘If United firm up their interest in January they may face competition from clubs including Liverpool and Real Madrid’.   South London to Wembley to assist your first goal in an England shirt, congrats brother @tammyabraham1 ! What a way to celebrate our 1000th game @england 🙌🏼 A post shared by  Jadon Sancho (@sanchooo10) on Nov 14, 2019 at 3:29pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Another player who looks to be on Manchester United’s radar is Erling Braut Haaland. The Norwegian has been one of the success stories of the season. His performances both in the Austrian Bundesliga and Champions League have even alerted top European clubs to his immense potential. Now, Man United are reportedly keeping a close eye on him. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Rio Ferdinand has urged his former club Manchester United to sign England midfielder Jadon Sancho, with Old Trafford chiefs reportedly already making contact with Borussia Dortmund in a bid to lure the teenage midfielder. Reports in Germany and England in recent weeks have suggested United are ready to break their… March 22, 2019 In "News" As per a report from the Daily Mail, Liverpool have joined a host of European heavyweights in the hunt for Jadon Sancho’s signature. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football last season. The English youngster, who made the move to Borussia Dortmund… November 14, 2019 In "Sports" Here are the things to know about the forward who left England to establish himself in Germany Here are the things to know about the youngster Jadon Sancho who is set to make his first appearance for the England senior team Three Lions.1.Â  Jadon Sancho is 18-years-oldJadon Malik Sancho was… October 4, 2018 In "News"