 The agent of Arsenal star Lucas Torreira has confirmed that his client is ‘not at ease’ with the more advanced role he has been utilised in by Unai Emery of late. 23-year-old midfielder Torreira made the move to the Emirates last summer from Serie A outfit Sampdoria, for a fee in the region of £25 million. After being slowly introduced to English football by Unai Emery, the Uruguayan quickly went on to establish himself as a vital cog in Arsenal’s engine room. Torreira’s tidy distribution, discipline, but more than anything, his tenacious attitude and bite in the tackle, quickly saw the diminutive South American emerge as a fan favourite in north London. As such, though his influence began to wane as the campaign drew to a close, Arsenal’s fans were no doubt excited by the prospect of Torreira’s continued improvement on the back of his debut season in the Premier League. The early months of the new campaign, however, have proven largely-underwhelming from the Uruguayan’s perspective, with Torreira having been in-and-out of the Arsenal line-up, culminating in just 4 league starts. In addition, when he has been utilised, Unai Emery has surprisingly opted to field Torreira in a more advanced midfield position than he is accustomed to. This has resulted in the 23-year-old, through no fault of his own, often looking unsure of his exact role in the Gunners’ XI. And, based on the latest comments of Torreira’s agent, the former Sampdoria man is none too pleased with regards to his new position. Speaking in an interview with Italian outlet Calciomercato, Pablo Bentancur admitted that, though Arsenal ‘want to retain’ Torreira, the midfielder is ‘not at ease’ as things stand: ‘Torreira is doing well at Arsenal, although the change of role doesn’t make him happy. But it must be said that this year the whole team is not doing well.’ ‘It was difficult to take Torreira at the time. Now I don’t know how things are, but I think Arsenal wants to retain him.’ LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 24: Lucas Torreira of Arsenal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Southampton FC at Emirates Stadium on February 24, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) ‘In the new role he is not at ease, but we respect the coach’s decisions. After that we’ll see what happens.’ Bentancur also opened the door to a potential future move to Napoli, after admitting that Torreira was left ‘upset’ after missing out on a move to the Stadio San Paolo last summer: ‘Torreira was upset when he missed the chance to join Napoli.’ ‘Why? Because he is Uruguayan. To tell you, he wants to end his career at Boca and Napoli is an environment very similar to that of Boca. Naples future destination? In football anything can happen.’ Dani Ceballos informs Real Madrid he wants to join Arsenal permanently/price-tag revealed – El Desmarque Arsenal & Man United tipped to swoop for Juventus’ Merih Demiral in January Source: Great Goals Arsenal boss Unai Emery has this evening heaped praise on David Luiz and Matteo Guendouzi, on the back of his side’s victory over Bournemouth. Arsenal win again The Gunners welcomed Eddie Howe’s men to the Emirates earlier today, for the club’s latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed into the clash… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal have three names in their shortlist lined up to replace Lucas Torreira should he make the move to AC Milan this summer – but there is a hitch. Arsenal are not in a strong position this transfer window after Unai Emery was handed a £45m transfer budget. The Spaniard… June 27, 2019 In "News" Arsenal's Gabonese striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (R) celebrates with Arsenal's French striker Alexandre Lacazette (L) after scoring the team's fourth goal during the English Premier League football match between Fulham and Arsenal at Craven Cottage in London on October 7, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Adrian DENNIS / Arsenal are on… October 8, 2018 In "News"