Newcastle United star Jonjo Shelvey this afternoon revealed his opinion that his point-clinching strike versus Manchester City earlier today will likely see him secure hero status at former club Liverpool. Steve Bruce’s men welcomed champions City to St. James’ Park a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. The Magpies headed into proceedings hoping for an immediate bounce-back result, after being downed by 2 goals to nil in disappointing fashion at Aston Villa last time out. And, when all was said and done, this is precisely what Newcastle managed. The hosts twice fought back from a goal down, to eventually secure a hard-fought point versus the might of Pep Guardiola’s Citizens. After Jetro Willems had cancelled out Raheem Sterling’s early opener for City, it looked as though the matchup was set to peter out into a drab 1-1 stalemate. Kevin De Bruyne, though, had other ideas, lighting up St. James’ with a stunning strike 8 minutes from time. But, just when it looked as though City had all 3 points in the bag, Jonjo Shelvey responded with a rasping drive of his own from outside the area, sending the home crowd into rapturous celebrations, and earning Newcastle a deserved share of the spoils. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Shelvey’s strike, meanwhile, proved vital not only for his current side, but also one of his former clubs. In ending City’s hopes of a 3-point haul this afternoon, the English midfielder helped Liverpool, where he lined out from 2010 to 2013, pull further clear of the champions atop the Premier League table (the Reds have since downed Brighton by 2 goals to 1). As such, speaking in a post-match interview on BT Sport, Shelvey was drawn on his Liverpool past, and how he may have this afternoon helped his former club lay one hand on a long-awaited league crown. The 27-year-old’s response, meanwhile, can be heard below: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Southampton vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Man City’s title hopes take huge hit after failing to see off Newcastle United Source: Great Goals