 Today, on the Mamador Breakfast Series, Nelly Agbogu, the brain behind the NELLIES Healthy Food and Snacks Company, tells us why a regular healthy breakfast lifestyle for your kids will benefit them in the long-run, and how the Mamador Light Fat Spread should be your preferred breakfast option. We’ve all heard it before: “Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.” But, trying to convince your sleepy, grumpy kids, who insist “I’m not hungry”. In the mad dash of school day mornings when you try to make sure everyone is awake, well-dressed and on the school bus or on the road on time, things can be really challenging, especially when you want to provide a balanced breakfast in such situations. We all know that school day mornings are a race against the clock to get the kids to school on time, and all too often, kids skip breakfast in the rush. However, research suggests that this habit can lead to a number of negative impacts on the child. But while this wisdom is seemingly timeless, passed down from one generation to the next, does it actually have some truth to it?  There has been a lot of research and studies as to the number of reasons why kids shouldn’t skip breakfast and most of these studies have concluded that children who do not eat breakfast are less able to learn. Hunger can lead to lower math scores, attention problems, behavior, and emotional deficiencies, low test scores, and less concentration. The reason for this is that our brain requires food for fuel, just as our muscles do. While our muscles can use stored energy from the food we ate yesterday, our brain prefers energy from the food we have eaten recently. It is these issues that have led many schools to participate in school breakfast programs. Beyond academics, children who eat breakfast show decreased anxiety, depression, and hyperactivity. Breakfast can improve a child’s overall nutrition by providing her/him with necessary vitamins and minerals, and can actually reduce the risk of obesity!  Each day our body requires a broad range of essential nutrients, needed for growth, brain development, immunity, and overall good health. Children who eat regular meals, including breakfast are more likely to meet these daily nutritional requirements. Blood sugar balancing is another very important part of eating breakfast. The imbalance of these blood sugar levels is what contributes to brain fog, irritability, and fatigue. When the glucose level in your body is not adequate enough for the brain to use as fuel, we do not concentrate as well or feel as alert as we would like. Eating breakfast ensures that blood sugar levels return to normal after a long time without eating while you were asleep. Keeping blood sugars balanced not only helps with sustained energy and focus but also helps with healthy weight control and prevention of disease states such as diabetes. The bottom line is that breakfast breaks the fast, waking up our bodies and brains to let them know it’s time to get going. Even though mornings can be rushed, set your child up for success by making sure they start the day with a healthy, balanced breakfast.
That said, your healthy breakfast routine cannot be complete without the ‘Mamador Light Fat spread, a Cholesterol and Trans-Fat Free spread, best spread over bread, waffles, pancakes or crackers, and a great option for breakfast meals.  The ‘Mamador Light Fat Spread’ contains Triple Benefits which include its Ease of spread i.e. it glides easily, due to its smooth creamy texture; its great buttery taste; and health benefits as it is cholesterol and trans-fat free, with a 30% Daily Allowance of Required Vitamins which include Vitamins A, D, and E, Vitamins B6 and B12, Folic Acid and Niacin which strengthen your immunity, help you grow physically and mentally, and keep you active. It is without a doubt, that the Mamador Light Fat Spread ticks all the boxes of a spread that contributes to a healthy breakfast. From its creamy texture to its yummy taste, to its composition of all the essential vitamins your kids need, the Mamador Light Fat Spread should be your preferred breakfast option. To learn more about healthy and tasty meals, follow @mamadorng on social media or visit the website ———————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post Nelly Agbogu shares Why a Healthy Breakfast Lifestyle will benefit your Kids on the Mamador Breakfast Series appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija After going for at least 7 hours (the period you were asleep), without food, I believe it is safe to say that breakfast is something that should not be toyed with, it should be taken seriously. Even though you were asleep for most of the time, it does not change… November 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" This health series from Mamador will feature expert opinions from nutrition and food experts such as Damola Ladejobi aka AskDamz and Nelly Agbogu aka Nellies. This compilation will focus on the importance of breakfast, what makes up a healthy breakfast, and tasty and healthy breakfast recipes with the Mamador Light… November 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" What did you have for breakfast? Bread and eggs, a stack of pancakes, a few slices of bread and a hot cup of tea? A very important fact is that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. A tasty nourishing breakfast not only gets your day to a… August 3, 2019 In "Entertainment"