Eden Hazard has today revealed his opinion that Chelsea manager Frank Lampard possesses the tools to establish himself as one of the finest tacticians on the planet. Blues legend Lampard was the man chosen to replace Maurizio Sarri on the bench at Stamford Bridge this summer. The 41-year-old was fresh off an impressive debut campaign in management, in the Championship with Derby County. And, on the back of a difficult start to life in charge of his former club, the last couple of months have seen Lampard turn things around in a major way. Chelsea are, at present, one of England’s most in-form sides. Since falling to defeat at the hands of table-topping Liverpool late in September, the capital giants have since racked up 6 straight league victories. In Europe, meanwhile, Chelsea have also secured impressive 3-point hauls at both Lille and Ajax, and showcased their fighting spirit last week, in fighting back from 4-1 down to clinch a draw at home to Ajax. 7 – Frank Lampard is only the second manager in @ChelseaFC‘s history to win seven consecutive away games in all competitions, after Bobby Campbell (February-April 1989). Icon. #WATCHE pic.twitter.com/wQb3qmgFej — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, with the Pensioners having been unable to add reinforcements to the club’s squad over the summer, and star man Eden Hazard having departed for Real Madrid, Frank Lampard has deservedly been singled out for special praise for the stellar run of form being enjoyed by the club of late. And one individual who has today revealed his opinion that Chelsea’s brilliance under their club icon proves that Lampard has what it takes to become a world-class tactician, is the aforementioned Hazard. Speaking after finding the net twice in Belgium’s Euro 2020 qualifying victory over Russia yesterday, the 28-year-old explained: ‘I wasn’t surprised about Frank Lampard. I know Frank as a player, not a manager, but he is a great guy.’ ‘He has shown already in four months that he can be one of the best managers in the world.’ ‘The good thing is they are playing with young English players. They are lucky to have young players with quality.’ Hazard continued: ‘Maybe with two or three more they would be first in the Premier League.’ ‘When I saw them play it was nice to see them all play together. I still have friends there and want them to do well.’ Quotes via Goal John Obi Mikel labels Eden Hazard ‘the laziest player player I’ve ever played with’ Chelsea’s Callum Hudson-Odoi in surprise Real Madrid link Source: Great Goals New Chelsea manager Frank Lampard is hopeful he has the players to cope with Eden Hazard’s departure but believes it will be near impossible to find a like-for-like replacement for the forward. Lampard who spent 13 years as a player at Chelsea, has signed a three-year deal at Stamford Bridge after Maurizio Sarri stepped down… July 4, 2019 In "News" Chelsea manager, Frank Lampard, is eyeing the Premier League title next season, despite fighting against the odds. The Blues finished third last season under Maurizio Sarri, 26 points behind Manchester City. City since then, have strengthened to the tune of £75million with Rodri and Angelino. Chelsea have sold Eden Hazard… July 20, 2019 In "News" Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk is confident that Chelsea still have the ‘quality players’ to cope without Eden Hazard this season. Hazard, 28, brought an end to his seven-year spell at Chelsea by joining Real Madrid this summer in a deal worth an initial £88million which could rise to £130m… August 14, 2019 In "News"