Arsene Wenger has revealed talks are scheduled with Bayern Munich’s Karl-Heinz Rummenigge next week over the vacant managerial position. Wenger has been out of the job since leaving Arsenal in the summer of 2018. The Frenchman had a largely successful career in north London but the final few years of his reign were difficult to say the least. Eventually, he decided to make way for a new manager in Unai Emery. Since then, Wenger has featured mainly as a pundit on BeIN Sports while being linked with several jobs. Now, we have confirmation of one job he is firmly in the running for. Real Madrid’s French coach Zinedine Zidane (R) vies with French coach Arsene Wenger (L) during a charity game with football and rugby legends on May 27, 2019 in Bordeaux, southwestern France. (Photo by NICOLAS TUCAT / AFP) (Photo credit should read NICOLAS TUCAT/AFP/Getty Images) Speaking to BeIN Sports on Friday, Wenger revealed he has been contacted by Bayern Munich. Though, despite suggestions that Bayern have rejected the chance to sign him up, Wenger says more contact is scheduled next week. ‘On Wednesday afternoon, Rummenigge called me, I could not answer at that moment, by politeness, I called him back,’ Wenger recounted. ‘He was in his car going to the game against Olympiacos. ‘We talked for four to five minutes maximum, and he told me they had assigned Flick to be the coach, he will manage the two next games, because they will play Dortmund tomorrow. ‘He asked me if I would be interested because they are looking for a coach. I told him “I haven’t thought about it, I need some time to have a think about it”. ‘We decided together we will talks next week because I am in Doha until Sunday night. This is the true story.’ EXCLUSIVE: Arsene Wenger reveals the truth about #FCBayern contact!#beINWenger pic.twitter.com/ChMaM7sSBW — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_EN) November 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  See also: Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals Managerial merry-go-round Arsene Wenger could soon be on his way to Bayern Munich, while Ralf Rangnick continues to be linked with a move to Manchester United. Wenger has been out of management since his Arsenal departure back in 2018. The Frenchman had a brilliant tenure with the Gunners, but a… November 6, 2019 In "Sports" Wenger quotes reportedly fake On Wednesday evening and Thursday morning, several outlets such as the Sun and Mirror published articles about Arsene Wenger and some alleged quotes. The articles by the Sun and the Mirror have both been taken down since and when you try to access them you are… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Arsene Wenger has today revealed that he has rejected several opportunities to make a return to the dugout in England, due to his Arsenal ties. Wenger’s Arsenal reign French tactician Wenger held the post of Arsenal boss for an incredible 22 years between 1996 and 2018. However, the final years… October 8, 2019 In "Sports"