Brendan Rodgers is reportedly on Arsenal’s four-man shortlist to replace Unai Emery after he was sacked by the club on Friday. Arsenal have started the season pretty poorly, winning just four out of their opening 13 games. The Gunners actually started the season pretty brightly, winning back to back games against Newcastle and Burnley. After those victories, Unai Emery found himself and Arsenal in free-fall. In fact, Arsenal have not recorded a win in their last seven games across all competitions. After an extremely poor 2-1 defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt in their Europa League clash on Thursday, Emery was finally relieved of his position. Now, Arsenal have reportedly drawn up a four-man shortlist which includes Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 28: Unai Emery manager of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League group F match between Arsenal FC and Eintracht Frankfurt at Emirates Stadium on November 28, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Marc Atkins/Getty Images) According to the Mail, Rodgers features on Arsenal’s list that also includes Mikel Arteta, Nuno Espirito Santo and Massimiliano Allegri. They claim that contact has already been made with Allegri, though he has concerns over the amount of money Stan Kroenke would provide for new signings. If Allegri was to become the new Arsenal manager, he ‘would need guarantees‘ of funds before committing to the job. The Mail don’t go too much in-depth about the other options on the shortlist, other than Jorge Mendes ‘is close to Sanllehi and represents Wolves boss Nuno’. Mikel Arteta would be difficult to poach mid-season after Pep Guardiola’s recent comments, while Brendan Rodgers is in the middle of what could be seen as the title race with Leicester. The way it’s looking, it’s either Allegri or wait until the end of the season with Freddie Ljungberg in temporary charge. //www.instagram.com/embed.js In contrasting reports though, it’s been suggested Allegri isn’t even in the running for the job. Click here to find out more about those reports from Fabrizio Romano.  See also: Liverpool vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals