This campaign against Burna is coming as a result of the “African Giant’s” proclamation that he would never set his legs in South Africa again after the unfortunate xenophobic attack by South Africans on other Africans including Nigeria some months back. Ever since he made that publication on Twitter; South Africans have been holding that against him and always constantly reminding him that he must at all time uphold that decision even when there is a need for him to come to their country. Hence the reason he is being antagonized right now as he has an activity that needs his attention in SA. However, the superstar has now declared via his Twitter account that he would attend the event in SA and would do that at the expense of his life. He wrote; “I’m coming and you and anyone against it are gunna have to kill me to stop me.”   #AsSeenOnTwitter A post shared by  TooXclusive (@tooxclusive_com) on Nov 16, 2019 at 10:36pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Y’all Would Have To Kill Me, Nothing Would Stop Me From Coming To South Africa – Burna Boy appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Some set of people in South Africa who are under the aegis of Tshwane Collective have sent a petition to the minister of arts and culture, kicking against the inclusion of Burna Boy in two concerts scheduled for 23 and 24 November. This objection has come as a result of… November 13, 2019 In "Music/Video" South African artiste, AKA is demanding that Burna Boy be the African Giant he claims and apologize to his country, South Africa for publicly insulting them during the reported Xenophobic attack on Nigerians by South Africans. This, AKA said is the only way he can allow Burna to come to… November 14, 2019 In "Music/Video" Burna Boy is just joining the conversation on Xenophobia and his starting point is towards South African rapper AKA who has shown little or no remorse for his remarks against Nigerians, rather he has gone on to insult attackers, calling them Google tells me this means “Your mother’s cunt” in… September 3, 2019 In "Music/Video"