Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman has claimed he could join Barcelona but only after the European Championships next summer. Koeman has had a pretty up and down few years in management. The Dutch manager impressed during his time at Southampton, securing Europa League football during his tenure. However, his spell at Everton was less than impressive. Despite a positive first season, Koeman was sacked in his second campaign due to a shambolic start. He then managed to secure the Netherlands national team job, where he has somewhat rebuilt the team after their recent downfall. Now, he’s been speaking about a possible exit next summer. Head coach Ernesto Valverde of FC Barcelona reacts during the La Liga match between Levante UD and FC Barcelona at Estadi Ciutat de Valencia on May 13, 2018 in Valencia, Spain. (Photo by Alex Caparros/Getty Images) After recently revealing a release clause in his Netherlands contract, Koeman has claimed it ‘is a possibility’ that he joins Barcelona next summer. The clause supposedly means he would be able to leave his current position and join Barcelona after the European Championships without his new club paying any compensation. Ernesto Valverde has been under intense pressure after what has been a lacklustre start to the season. While Koeman didn’t want to speak too much on the possibility of a move, he did admit it’s possible. ‘(Joining Barcelona) is a possibility, but only after Euro 2020,’ Koeman explained, as quoted by the Mail. ‘I don’t know if I’ll keep (talking about the Barcelona role) in the future because it’s a bit strange to speak about the possibility of going to the club while you’re the Netherlands coach.’   Our fans A post shared by  OnsOranje (@onsoranje) on Nov 12, 2019 at 10:04am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js In the short term at Barcelona, Ernesto Valverde’s side finally have a date for El Clasico. The game was originally scheduled to take place in October but was postponed due to political protests. Now, a new date has been scheduled. Click here to find out when the first El Clasico of the season will be. Source: Great Goals Everton manager Ronald Koeman has admitted that it is a tough task for the club to replace Romelu Lukaku, who left the club to join Manchester United for £75 million this summer. Lukaku scored 25 Premier League goals last season as Everton finished seventh but the Belgium striker’s insisted on… August 10, 2017 In "Sports" The Netherlands coach has set his sights on a return to the Spanish giants, who he represented with distinction in the 1990s Source: Goal November 3, 2019 In "Gists" Everton are closing in on a deal to sign Barcelona midfielder Andre Gomes permanently. The 25-year-old spent last season on loan at Goodison Park and was arguably their best player in the first half of the campaign, despite not making his debut until mid-October because of a hamstring problem. Gomes… June 19, 2019 In "News"