 By Shina Abubakar, Osogbo The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Mr. Sunday Dare has disclosed that for the sustainability of the Nigerian project, the federal government must ensure investment in youth through the critical sectors of the economy. Dare added that investments in education, technology, agriculture and developmental infrastructure if sustained, would be the way to go as a wise form of investment for the emancipation of Nigerian Youths. ALSO READ: Buhari receives Lyon, Bayelsa Governor-Elect in Aso Rock A statement issued by the National Public Relations Officer of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Alumni, Dare Adeyemi, disclosed that the Minister enumerated plans of the federal government to revise the National Youth Policy (2019-2023) with 11 key thematic areas of sports, education, science and technology, agriculture, environment, drug abuse, Health among others. Continue reading Sunday Dare harps on youth investment to sustain Nigeria’s project at Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard A civil society organisation, Project One Nigerian, wants Nigerian youths to participate in politics. A civil society organization, Project One Nigerian, has urged Nigerian youths to brace up for the leadership.Addressing journalists in Abuja on Monday, convener of the group, Bisayo Busari-Akinnadeju, said those who led Nigerians after independence were… May 22, 2018 In "News" Nigerian Youths, serving in the compulsory National Youth Service scheme will be enjoying the new minimum wage like other workers across the country as confirmed by the Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr Sunday Dare. The Youth Minister who disclosed this in series of tweets, said details of the… October 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" Veteran journalist, Sunday Akin Dare has been appointed Nigeria’s new Youth and Sports Minister by President Muhammadu Buhari, reports Completesports.com Dare’s appointment was confirmed by President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in Abuja. Until his appointment, Dare, was the Executive Commissioner, Stakeholders Management, Nigerian Communications Commission. The new minister is a… August 21, 2019 In "Sports"