Should Tottenham beat Crvena Zvezda on Wednesday night, Spurs will be in a solid position to progress in this season’s Champions League. Lose, and Mauricio Pochettino’s side will face an almighty battle to reach the knockout phase of the competition. After three group matches, Tottenham are second in their Champions League group. Spurs have four points, while Crvena Zvezda have three points. Tottenham could head to Serbia without Harry Kane and Son Heung-min. Harry Kane missed last weekend’s 1-1 draw away at Everton due to illness. On the likelihood of Kane’s return in midweek, the Evening Standard report: Harry Kane faces a fight to recover from a virus in time for the trip to Serbia. Son Heung-min could also miss the match against Red Star Belgrade. That’s after the South Korean’s foul on Andre Gomes resulted in a sickening injury to the Everton midfielder. The Athletic have reported the following on the possibility of Son Heung-min featuring in the Champions League: Spurs are hopeful that he will be able to travel to Belgrade for their Champions League match against Red Star on Wednesday, but yesterday he was still in the process of managing his emotions from the weekend. He trained as normal on Monday in what was a recovery session after the Everton match, but may yet not be in the right frame of mind for tomorrow’s game. As reported by Spain’s Esport3, Tottenham tried and failed to sign Riqui Puig from Barcelona last summer. Riqui Puig is a 20-year-old central midfielder who is struggling to get minutes in Barcelona’s first team. Mauricio Pochettino reportedly offered Puig a loan move to Spurs. However, the player rejected Tottenham’s approach fearing he wouldn’t be able to cement a place in Pochettino’s XI.   🎻#6 A post shared by  R I C A R D P U I G (@riquipuig) on Sep 15, 2019 at 12:44pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js In addition, Esport3 claim that Tottenham are tracking Carles Alena. A few days ago, Mundo Deportivo claimed that Barcelona and Carles Alena have agreed that the 21-year-old should leave on loan in January. It’s unclear, however, whether Alena would opt to move to Spurs. Estadio Deportivo claim that Real Betis, Getafe, Celta Vigo and Granada are all chasing the player’s signature too.   Gracias Camp Nou! A por una gran temporada juntos! Força Barça!!!!💪💪💪 A post shared by  Carles Aleñá (@carlesalenya) on Aug 4, 2019 at 3:39pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Also see: Chelsea vs Ajax betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Genk betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Tottenham’s Harry Kane may miss Everton Everton host Tottenham at Goodison Park on Sunday in the Premier League. However, Harry Kane could miss the match for Spurs due to injury. Football London reporter Alasdair Gold reported unconfirmed updates on Saturday night regarding Kane’s availability to take on Everton. He said:… November 3, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham vs Red Star Belgrade Tottenham would play host to Red Star Belgrade on Tuesday evening as they looked to put an end to their dismal run of form. Mauricio Pochettino took his side all the way to the 2018/19 Champions League final. But with the start to the season… October 22, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham Hotspur's South Korean striker Son Heung-Min (L) celebrates scoring with his team-mate Tottenham Hotspur's English striker Harry Kane during the UEFA Champions League Group H football match BVB Borussia Dortmund v Tottenham Hotspur at the BVB Stadion on November 21, 2017 in Dortmund, western Germany.John MACDOUGALL / AFP Tottenham… November 21, 2017 In "News"