Manchester City players are reportedly ‘increasingly convinced’ teammate Leroy Sane will leave for Bayern Munich next summer. Sane has been linked with Bayern on a number of occasions and was heavily linked with a move during the last off-season. However, Sane suffered a huge injury blow in the Community Shield clash with Liverpool. At the time, it was claimed that Sane could miss around six or seven months due to his injury. That still looks to be the case with the German winger yet to return to action. Despite his injury problems, it looks as though Sane will still get his move to Bayern Munich. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 06: Leroy Sane of Manchester City is closed down by Theo Walcott of Everton during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester City at Goodison Park on February 06, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matt McNulty – Manchester City/Man City via Getty Images) According to the Telegraph, Manchester City players are ‘increasingly convinced’ Sane will leave for Bayern next summer. It’s claimed that: ‘Sane’s attributes are highly regarded among his City team-mates but there is now a strong feeling in the dressing room that this will be his final season in Manchester and that his head has been turned by the prospect of joining Bayern and a return home.’ The big question then is who will Manchester City replace him with? Well, the Telegraph claim that City are already looking for his replacement and Real Sociedad’s Mikel Oyarzabal is one option. The report claims: ‘City are understood to already be drawing up plans to replace Sane in the event he leaves, with Real Sociedad’s Mikel Oyarzabal one name in the frame, after being frustrated in their efforts to tie the 2018 PFA Young Player of the Year to a new long-term contract.’   A post shared by  Leroy Sané (@leroysane19) on Nov 12, 2019 at 11:03am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Two players who could be joining as opposed to leaving City are Jonny Evans and Caglar Soyuncu. The Leicester duo have been linked with City today. Click here to find out more about the links. Source: Great Goals Manchester City forward Leroy Sane has decided to join Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich, after the German club entered into advanced talks with the Citizens. The 23-year-old struggled to command a regular place in City’s team during the second half of the season, with manager Pep Guardiola often confining Sane to… August 1, 2019 In "News" Bayern Munich are set to land Inter winger Ivan Perisic on loan with an option to buy for €20m, after their move for Leroy Sane collapsed due to the Manchester City star suffering a serious injury. The German champions have been on the hunt for reinforcements all summer, following the… August 10, 2019 In "News" Manchester City winger Leroy Sane will turn down a move to Bayern Munich in favour of fighting for his first-team place at the Etihad Stadium. Sane is a top target for Bayern as they look to replace Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben, and at one point it looked as though… July 15, 2019 In "Sports"