African Development Bank Group (AfDB) – Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries). The Bank’s development agenda is delivering the financial and technical support for transformative projects that will significantly reduce poverty through inclusive and sustainable economic growth. We are recruiting to fill the position below:

Job Title: Chief Economist and Vice President, ECVP Reference: ADB/19/212
Location: Abidjan, Cote D’ivoire
Grade: EL3
Position N°: 50092324 The Complex The Hiring Department/Division: The Position Duties and Responsibilities
Specific accountabilities of the function: Detailed activities in relation with the accountabilities of the function: Selection Criteria Application Closing Date
6th December, 2019. The post Chief Economist and Vice President, ECVP at the African Development Bank Group (AfDB) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ African Development Bank Group (AfDB) – Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries).  The Bank’s development agenda is delivering the financial and technical… July 3, 2019 In "Jobs" African Development Bank Group (AfDB) – Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries).  The Bank’s development agenda is delivering the financial and technical… July 9, 2019 In "Jobs" African Development Bank (AfDB) - Established in 1964, the African Development Bank is the premier pan-African development institution, promoting economic growth and social progress across the continent. There are 80 member states, including 54 in Africa (Regional Member Countries). The Bank's development agenda is delivering the financial and technical support… December 6, 2017 In "Jobs"