Unai Emery has revealed that midfielder Granit Xhaka will not return to the Arsenal squad when they face Leicester this weekend. The Swiss midfielder has been in the middle of a PR storm over the past two weeks. Xhaka was accused of swearing at the Arsenal fans as they jeered him during a substitution. That lead to a lengthy statement from the player before he was stripped of the captaincy this week. Xhaka has also missed all of Arsenal’s recent games, including the clashes with Wolves and Vitoria SC. Now, he’s set to miss another game according to Unai Emery. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Granit Xhaka of Arsenal leaves the pitch after being substituted off during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Crystal Palace at Emirates Stadium on October 27, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Morton/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of Arsenal’s clash with Leicester this weekend, Emery has revealed that Xhaka does not want to play this weekend. As a result, the Gunners will have to wait another week to potentially see him again. ‘I spoke with him on Tuesday for how he is feeling now and his mind because he is working and training well but he said to me it isn’t enough at the moment to play and we are going to wait,’ Emery explained, as quoted by the Mail. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the man chosen and Emery has also spoken out on his appointment. ‘He [Aubameyang] has experience and the respect in the dressing room,’ Emery continued. ‘He was the top scorer last year in the Premier League and also I know he needs time to take that responsibility 100 per cent but we are going to support them. ‘We are going to support him as the first captain because he also did one step ahead to achieve or take that responsibility.’ we’re back in action tomorrow. What would be your starting XI for #LEIARS? #Arsenal #Lacazette #COYG #premierleague #Laca #afc A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Nov 8, 2019 at 10:36am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Xhaka vs Crystal Palace Arsenal’s Granit Xhaka has on Thursday evening issued a message to Arsenal fans. The Swiss midfielder was subbed off 61 minutes into Arsenal’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last Sunday. In the midst of walking off the pitch vs Palace, Xhaka was met with boos from… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" As confirmed by the reliable David Ornstein of BBC Sport this afternoon, Arsenal manager Unai Emery has named Granit Xhaka as the club’s new captain. Koscielny departs As was widely-covered in the media during the summer, Arsenal’s previous captain, Laurent Koscielny, dropped a bombshell on the club back in July,… September 27, 2019 In "Sports" The sorry state of Arsenal football club Some of the Arsenal squad reportedly mock manager Unai Emery behind his back, while younger players openly do impressions of the Spaniard. It’s been a difficult season for Unai Emery. Arsenal have struggled to build-up any momentum so far this season and have… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"