Manchester United faced off with Brighton on Sunday the 10th of November. After a rather limp display last weekend at the Vitality, United will have been hoping for a much better showing this time around. The Man United faithful got exactly that with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men dominating Brighton. Andreas Pereira, an own goal and a Marcus Rashford strike gave United a comprehensive 3-1 victory over Graham Potter’s men. 2 – Manchester United have scored two goals in the first half of a Premier League game at Old Trafford for only the second time in 2019, also doing so against Brighton back in January. Blocks. #MNUBRI pic.twitter.com/7w3gqGzPpX — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After the Brighton victory, Solskjaer stated he thought it was United’s best performance this season: “I think it’s our best performance of the season. “You can go back to the Chelsea game, but today the reaction after they scored was fantastic and sometimes this season, when you get one or 2-0 up and go for the next one, how we didn’t end up five, six, or seven we don’t know, but exhilarating and entertaining and great to see the boys enjoy themselves.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – AUGUST 11: Harry Maguire of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Chelsea FC at Old Trafford on August 11, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matthew Ashton – AMA/Getty Images) As well as commenting on his side’s solid display, Solskjaer was also speaking highly of Harry Maguire. Maguire was handed the captain’s armband on Sunday and did not disappoint. The England international put on a commanding display at the back vs the Seagulls, which led to Solskjaer stating after the match that Maguire is captain material and that he can become the long-term captain: “Harry is captain material. So is David. David’s been here and done it many, many times, but Harry’s come in and been excellent in the dressing room and on the pitch and that was decision. “But he can become the long-term one.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. See also:  Solskjaer provides injury update on McTominay after Brighton Sheff United’s Dean Henderson to replace injured Tom Heaton in England squad -Telegraph Source: Great Goals Man United see off Brighton Manchester United played host to Brighton on Sunday afternoon. United’s last league outing prior to Brighton saw them dealt a 1-0 defeat away to Bournemouth with the Red Devils really struggling away from home in the league this campaign. Luckily for Man United, they were… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" The booking picked up by Manchester United defender Ashley Young during the club’s meeting with Bournemouth this afternoon has proven a costly one. Man United downed Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men travelled to the Vitality Stadium a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. United headed into proceedings on… November 2, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham vs Watford Tottenham and Watford went head-to-head on Saturday afternoon. The Hornets would head into the tie dead bottom of the Premier League yet to pick up a single victory in the league this campaign. As for Tottenham, they should have been looking to bounce back from their last… October 19, 2019 In "Sports"