GudyGudy.Com is a leading internet (e-commerce) group that offers foodstuff products across various Nigerian tribes such as garri, amala, okro, yam, egusi, ugu vegetables and much more. GudyGudy.Com also offers innovative services in home delivery, foodstuff transfer from person to person and borrow me foodstuff etc. GudyGudy.com has other ventures/products such as Eaty-Eaty, Smart Gudies, Gudy Worker, Gudy Pay, Gudy Invest, Gudy Studies and much more. It is led by top talented leaders offering a great mix of local and international talents across various sectors. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Customer Service Executive Location: Port Harcourt, Rivers
Job Type: Full Time
Job Field: Customer Care Responsibilities In particular, you will: Required Skills & Qualifications We Offer Application Closing Date
16th November, 2019. The post Customer Service Executive at GudyGudy.Com appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ A patriotic call has been made to the President Muhammadu Buhari–led Federal Government to, as a matter of priority, create an enabling environment for more mass cultivation and production of home-grown rice. This call, if heeded, he said, would go a long way in helping to revive the country’s struggling… June 28, 2019 In "News" A Muslim woman, Hajiya Ramatu Tijjani,on Sunday donated wrappers and other food items to Christian widows for Christmas celebration in Kaduna as part of efforts to boost peaceful coexistence. Tijjani made the donations at the Church of Christ Evangelical and Life Intervention Ministry, Sabon Tasha, Kaduna State. According to her,… December 9, 2018 In "News" A patriotic call has been made to the President Muhammadu Buhari – led Federal Government to, as a matter of priority, create an enabling environment for more mass cultivation and production of home-grown rice. This call, if heeded, will go a long way in helping to revive the country’s struggling… June 27, 2019 In "News"