The Scottish FA have this afternoon confirmed that a quartet of the country’s stars have withdrawn from their squad. Steve Clarke’s men are set to get their Euro 2020 qualifying campaign back underway this weekend. First, Scotland will travel to Cyprus on Saturday afternoon, for their penultimate qualifier. This will be followed by a clash with Kazakhstan at Hampden Park 3 days later, rounding out the country’s qualification campaign. The Tartan Army currently sit 4th in the Group I table, behind the already qualified Belgium and Russia, and upcoming opponents Cyprus. This comes with Scotland having notched just 9 points from their 8 qualifiers thus far. Clarke’s outfit, though, will still have the opportunity to clinch their spot at next summer’s European Championships via the playoffs, having topped their Nations League group last year. As such, largely-meaningless upcoming meetings with minnows Cyprus and Kazakhstan were never likely to have had many of Scotland’s stars overly-excited by the prospect of returning to international commitments. And this has today been evidenced by a number of key contributors pulling out of the country’s squad. As confirmed a short time ago, all of Liverpool’s Andy Robertson, Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay (who could reportedly face a month on the sidelines with an ankle injury), Bournemouth standout Ryan Fraser and Leeds United stopper Liam Cooper have withdrawn: Scotland squad update: IN: Lewis Morgan & Graeme Shinnie. OUT: Liam Cooper, Ryan Fraser, Scott McTominay & Andy Robertson. pic.twitter.com/P8yCQF3hww — Scotland National Team (@ScotlandNT) November 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Lewis Morgan and Graeme Shinnie have, as a result, been handed call-ups. The Scottish squad, as things stand, therefore reads as follows: Goalkeepers: Craig MacGillivray (Portsmouth), David Marshall (Wigan Athletic), Jon McLaughlin (Sunderland) Defenders: Michael Devlin (Aberdeen), Declan Gallagher (Motherwell), Scott McKenna (Aberdeen), Stephen O’Donnell (Kilmarnock), Liam Palmer (Sheffield Wednesday), Greg Taylor (Celtic) Midfielders: Stuart Armstrong (Southampton), Ryan Christie (Celtic), John Fleck (Sheffield United), Ryan Jack (Rangers), John McGinn (Aston Villa), Callum McGregor (Celtic), Kenny McLean (Norwich City), Lewis Morgan (Celtic), Graeme Shinnie (Derby County) Forwards: Oliver Burke (Alaves, on loan from West Bromwich Albion), James Forrest (Celtic), Oliver McBurnie (Sheffield United), Steven Naismith (Heart of Midlothian), Lawrence Shankland (Dundee United) Mohamed Salah may miss Crystal Palace after aggravating injury vs Man City Source: Great Goals England have this afternoon confirmed that James Maddison has been forced to pull out of the country’s squad, after coming down with a bout of illness. England’s upcoming fixtures The Three Lions are set to get their qualification campaign for next summer’s European Championships back underway next week. Gareth Southgate’s… October 10, 2019 In "Sports" The latest England squad for the country’s upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers has been announced this afternoon, with Chelsea youngsters Tammy Abraham, Fikayo Tomori and Mason Mount having all been handed call-ups. England’s upcoming fixtures The Three Lions are set to get their qualification campaign for next summer’s European Championships back… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" France’s upcoming games France are ready to get their next set of games underway on Friday the 11th of October. The current World Cup holders head into their next clash level on points with Turkey atop of Group H. Iceland are then in 3rd spot, three points behind France and… October 9, 2019 In "Sports"