England manager Gareth Southgate this evening provided an explanation for leaving Aston Villa star Jack Grealish out of his latest squad. The Three Lions are set to play out their final two Euro 2020 qualifiers next week. First, England will welcome struggling Montenegro to Wembley on Thursday. Southgate’s men will then travel to Kosovo for their last Group A outing, with the minnows potentially still set to be in the running for an automatic qualification spot. As things stand, England sit top of the group, with 15 points from 6 games. Next up are the Czech Republic in 2nd, with 12 points. Kosovo are 3rd, a point adrift of the Czechs, ahead of the crucial meeting between the countries this day next week. As such, ahead of his side’s latest upcoming round of fixtures, Gareth Southgate earlier today announced his 27-man panel to face Montenegro and Kosovo. There was once again room for the likes of young Chelsea trio Tomori, Mount and Abraham, as well as Joe Gomez, James Maddison and Fabian Delph: Here it is: your #ThreeLions squad for the #EURO2020 qualifiers against Montenegro and Kosovo!https://t.co/wsv3qjndm2 — England (@England) November 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As showcased above, though, one player to have missed out is Jack Grealish. Aston Villa standout Grealish has enjoyed a fine start to the campaign, notching 2 goals and 3 assists across 10 Premier League appearances to this point. This has inevitably led to calls from some sections of fans for the 24-year-old to be handed his first cap by Gareth Southgate. As a result, having once again opted against calling Grealish up, the England boss was this evening inevitably drawn on his decision. After citing competition for places as the reasoning behind the midfielder’s latest snub, though, Southgate admitted that Grealish is ‘very close’ to a call-up: ‘He’s a very good player – I’ve watched him closely this season.’ ‘The reality of that is he’s up against (Raheem) Sterling, (Marcus) Rashford, (Callum) Hudson-Odoi and (Jadon) Sancho in those wide areas.’ ‘The competition in that area is high level – they’re all good players. Jack’s a very good player – I worked with him in the under-21s so I know all about him.’ ‘He’s very close. He just has to keep playing the way he is, and if we had issues over the weekend, I wouldn’t hesitate to call him into the squad.’ Gareth Southgate explains why Jack Grealish was not selected for the England Squad pic.twitter.com/KmrI7Qy2Fi — The Sun Football ⚽ (@TheSunFootball) November 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Manchester City free bets & enhanced betting offers Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals