 The Federal Government of Nigeria and the African Development Bank expressed concern over the youth unemployment figures in Nigeria (23.63% of young people are currently unemployed and 16.6% are underemployment), given the projection made by the Minister of Labour, Dr. Chris Ngige that the unemployment rate could be as high as 33.5% in 2020. Every administration in Nigeria has created social intervention programmes to eradicate poverty and tackle persistent unemployment, yet Nigeria was recently christened the “poverty capital” of the world. Demographic explosion, coupled with infrastructural deficits and many other issues linked to the mismanagement of our scarce resources, have prevented real development and inclusive growth. The question is: what should we do differently? Continue reading Nation building through economic activity: What should we do differently? at Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Buhari and Atiku With electioneering for the forthcoming elections taking off from November 18, based on the provisions of the Electoral Act, Nigerians expect a more robust discourse of real issues that should shape the race for the presidency and other top elective public offices, writes KUNLE ODEREMI. LEGAL luminary,… November 18, 2018 In "News" By Commodore Emmanuel O. Beckley – Poverty alleviation is an essential ingredient for development because national growth becomes impossible when a greater proportion of the population live in abject poverty. Governments worldwide therefore, pay attention to poverty alleviation as it impacts on national development. With effective poverty alleviation programmes for… October 16, 2017 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari, says the Federal Government’s introduced National Social Investment Programme (NSIP), has in three years, lifted no fewer than 5 million Nigerians out of extreme poverty.. Buhari said this at the opening of the Global Youth Employment Forum of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) in Abuja on Thursday.… August 1, 2019 In "News"