Jamie Vardy has had a superb start to the 2019/20 campaign. The Leicester City forward is currently the top goalscorer in the Premier League, bagging 10 in the opening 11 fixtures. Vardy had a particularly outstanding October for the Foxes. Leicester played three league ties in said month vs Liverpool, Burnley and Southampton. Vardy would score four in these three league fixtures and as a result, he has been voted the Premier League Player of the Month for October. Your @EASPORTSFIFA Player of the Month for October is… @vardy7 🥳#PLAwards pic.twitter.com/FMO8MkGKMr — Premier League (@premierleague) November 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js On winning the award, Vardy had this to say: “It’s great to win the award but it just shows what the team have been doing as well. “We’ve been putting good performances in and fortunately for me I have been getting the chances and putting them away.” As quoted by Leicester’s official website. LEICESTER, ENGLAND – MARCH 30: Brendan Rodgers, Manager of Leicester City acknowledges the fans after the Premier League match between Leicester City and AFC Bournemouth at The King Power Stadium on March 30, 2019 in Leicester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Vardy’s fine form continued into November with the former England international scoring in Leicester’s most recent PL tie, in which they beat Crystal Palace 2-0. The Foxes are now set to play host to Arsenal on Saturday. Should Brendan Rodgers’ side clinch all three points vs the Gunners, they would open up a nine-point gap between themselves and 5th place Arsenal, which is great for Leicester’s top-four hopes. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. See also: Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals Leicester see off Crystal Palace Leicester traveled to Crystal Palace in one of two Premier League games taking place on Sunday. After Arsenal dropped points vs Wolves on Saturday, the Foxes had a great chance to cement their place in the top-four. Brendan Rodgers’ side did exactly that with a… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" The latest batch of nominees for the Premier League Player of the Month award have this afternoon been announced. Liverpool top the pile Another month of English top-flight action came to a close last weekend. A combination of the international break and cup competitions meant that only 3 rounds of… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been announced as the winner of the EA SPORTS Premier League Player of the Month award for April for the third time this season. The 32-year-old beat off competition from Eden Hazard (Chelsea), Jordan Henderson (Liverpool), Aymeric Laporte (Manchester City), Shane Long (Southampton), Ayoze… May 7, 2019 In "Sports"