Moise Kean was dropped from Everton’s squad to face Southampton last weekend after a disciplinary breach in the build-up to the match. Kean signed for the Toffees from Juventus over the summer and was seen to be a real coup for the club. The young Italian striker had really impressed during the second half of the last Serie A season. Though, with Cristiano Ronaldo, Mario Mandžukić and Paulo Dybala all to contend with, Kean left for Everton to find regular football. While that seemed like a good move in theory, it hasn’t quite gone to plan. Kean has featured just 11 times in all competitions so far this season, without scoring a goal. Kean also didn’t feature in the squad for Southampton last weekend, but it’s now been revealed it wasn’t a tactical. BOLOGNA, ITALY – JUNE 16: Moise Kean of Italy U21 during the EURO U21 match between Italy v Spain at the Stadio Renato Dall’Ara (Bologna) on June 16, 2019 in Bologna Italy (Photo by Danilo Di Giovanni/Soccrates/Getty Images) As reported by the BBC, Moise Kean was dropped from the squad for a disciplinary breach. It’s claimed that Kean was late for a team meeting for the second time since joining the Toffees. As a result, Marco Silva took action against Kean, dropping him from the Southampton squad. Despite his punishment, the BBC claim the Italian ‘has since apologised and Everton consider the matter closed but it continues a troubled period for Kean.’ Even after his troubles, the Athletic claim Everton do not have any serious issues over Kean. Despite his recent punishment, ‘he is seen as a popular and hard-working player in the squad.’   Against the haters we stand.This is everybody’s game #uniforia#createdwithadidas @mbatshuayi @kepaarrizabalaga @wrightyofficial @nglkante @katiezelem @laurennjjames @adidasfootball A post shared by  MOISE KEAN  (@moise_kean) on Nov 6, 2019 at 2:14pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js It’s not just been difficult for Kean this season. The whole Everton squad have not performed to expectations. Though, they’ve been somewhat unfortunate in recent weeks. Recently, VAR admitted that they made a mistake in Everton’s clash with Brighton. Click here to see what they had to say.    See also: England vs Montenegro betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Republic of Ireland vs New Zealand betting tips: International friendly match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals