The last couple of weeks have not been the most jubilant for Granit Xhaka. The Swiss international was booed off by some of the Arsenal faithful as he walked off the pitch during the Gunner’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace. Xhaka responded by cupping his ear and saying ‘f*** off’. This feels like a landmark moment for Xhaka and #afc fans. His substitution is greeted by cheers, he’s then booed as he walks off (instead of running with the score at 2-2). He then cups his ear to the crowd, shouts “f*** off”, takes his shirt off and walks down the tunnel. — James Olley (@JamesOlley) October 27, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
The Arsenal captain then sent a message out explaining his actions. The following is a message from Granit Xhaka… pic.twitter.com/YG5lBKmQvi — Arsenal (@Arsenal) October 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But earlier this week, Arsenal boss Unai Emery confirmed that Xhaka had been stripped of the Arsenal captaincy with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang the man replacing him. BAKU, AZERBAIJAN – MAY 29: Unai Emery the head coach / manager of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League Final between Chelsea and Arsenal at Baku Olimpiya Stadionu on May 29, 2019 in Baku, Azerbaijan. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) Since the Crystal Palace incident, Xhaka hasn’t played a single minute of football for the North London outfit, being omitted from their last two matchday squads. With his playing time dwindling and the armband lost is Xhaka’s time at the Emirates coming to an end? The Mirror certainly seem to think so, claiming Arsenal will try to offload Xhaka in the January window. The report from the Mirror cites Germany as Xhaka’s most likely destination See also: Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Confirmation has this evening arrived that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has replaced Granit Xhaka as Arsenal’s captain. Palace fight back for a point The Gunners welcomed Crystal Palace to the Emirates two weekends ago, for a Premier League clash. Hosts Arsenal headed into proceedings in search of an immediate bounce-back result, after… November 5, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal manager Unai Emery has this afternoon confirmed that he does not intend to utilise Granit Xhaka for the club’s meeting with Wolves tomorrow, on the back of the fallout following the Swiss midfielder’s controversial actions versus Crystal Palace last weekend. Palace fight back for a point The Gunners welcomed… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka vs Crystal Palace Arsenal’s Granit Xhaka has on Thursday evening issued a message to Arsenal fans. The Swiss midfielder was subbed off 61 minutes into Arsenal’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last Sunday. In the midst of walking off the pitch vs Palace, Xhaka was met with boos from… October 31, 2019 In "Sports"