First Bank of Nigeria Limited (FirstBank) is Nigeria’s largest financial services institution by total assets and gross earnings. With more than 10 million customer accounts, FirstBank has over 750 branches providing a comprehensive range of retail and corporate financial services. The Bank has international presence through its subsidiaries, FBN Bank (UK) Limited in London and Paris, FBNBank DRC, FBNBank Ghana, FBNBank Gambia, FBNBank Guinea, FBNBank Sierra-Leone and FBNBank Senegal, as well as its Representative Offices in Johannesburg, Beijing and Abu Dhabi. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: CRM Application Support Officer Ref Id: 1900005X
Location: Lagos
Job: FBN Gen. Job family
Grade Range – From : Banking Assistant Grade Range – To : Banking Officer
Organization: DMD Directorate
Schedule: Regular
Shift: Standard
Job Type: Full-time Duties & Responsibilities
Application Support: Help Desk Administration: Training: Qualifications/Requirements
Education: Experience: Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post CRM Application Support Officer at First Bank of Nigeria Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ First Bank of Nigeria Limited (FirstBank) is Nigeria's largest financial services institution by total assets and gross earnings. With more than 10 million customer accounts, FirstBank has over 750 branches providing a comprehensive range of retail and corporate financial services. The Bank has international presence through its subsidiaries, FBN Bank… July 30, 2019 In "Jobs" First Bank of Nigeria Limited (FirstBank) is Nigeria’s largest financial services institution by total assets and gross earnings. With more than 10 million customer accounts, FirstBank has over 750 branches providing a comprehensive range of retail and corporate financial services. The Bank has international presence through its subsidiaries, FBN Bank… October 23, 2019 In "Gists" First Bank of Nigeria Limited (FirstBank) is Nigeria’s largest financial services institution by total assets and gross earnings. With more than 10 million customer accounts, FirstBank has over 750 branches providing a comprehensive range of retail and corporate financial services. The Bank has international presence through its subsidiaries, FBN Bank… June 20, 2019 In "Jobs"