Manchester City’s Bernardo Silva has been handed a one-game ban and a £50,000 fine for his tweet regarding Benjamin Mendy back in September. The Portuguese playmaker was surrounded by controversy a couple of months ago when he tweeted about teammate Mendy. The pair look to share a close relationship on and off the pitch but a controversial tweet Silva made about his friend soon went viral. Silva posted a picture which compared Mendy to a Spanish confectionery mascot. Bernardo Silva’s deleted tweet The tweet was quickly condemned by a lot of social media as offensive, with Kick it Out and anti-discrimination groups also criticising the post. Silva then deleted the tweet, before posting a new one that read: “Can’t even joke with a friend these days… You guys …”. Now, after a long wait, Bernardo Silva’s punishment has been announced.  MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – MAY 06: Vincent Kompany of Manchester City celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal with Bernardo Silva of Manchester City during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Leicester City at Etihad Stadium on May 06, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matt McNulty – Manchester City/Man City via Getty Images) In a statement from the FA, they announce that Silva will serve a one-match ban as punishment. That means he will miss Manchester City’s clash with Chelsea after the international break. Silva has also been fined £50,000 as part of his punishment and will have to complete ‘face-to-face education’ after admitting to the breach. The FA’s statement read: “The Manchester City midfielder’s social media activity on 22 September 2019 breached FA Rule E3(1), as it was insulting and/or improper and/or brought the game into disrepute, and constituted an “Aggravated Breach”, which is defined in FA Rule E3(2), as it included reference, whether expressed or implied, to race and/or colour and/or ethnic origin.” In their commission report, the FA also explain that the player did not intend for the tweet to be racist or insulting. ‘It is clear that the tweet was intended to be no more than a joke between close friends’, the report read. ‘However, this was not a private jocular communication between two friends. The post was on a social media platform exposed to the 600,000 followers of a high-profile and well-respected professional footballer.’   #tb to Algarve days @tiagojulio7 A post shared by  Bernardo Carvalho E Silva (@bernardocarvalhosilva) on Nov 12, 2019 at 6:37am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Bernardo Silva isn’t the only one surrounded by drama at Manchester City recently. Raheem Sterling made headlines this week following a bust-up with Liverpool’s Joe Gomez on international duty. Click here to find out more about the incident at England’s training base.  See also: England vs Montenegro betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Republic of Ireland vs New Zealand betting tips: International friendly match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Bernardo Silva charged over Benjamin Mendy tweet The FA have today confirmed that Manchester City’s Bernardo Silva has been charged in respect of a tweet referencing Benjamin Mendy. The FA have released the following statement: Bernardo Silva has been charged with misconduct for a breach of FA Rule E3 in… October 2, 2019 In "Sports" Bernardo Silva, Benjamin Mendy & social media updates Will Man City midfielder Bernardo Silva be punished for his social media activity? Last weekend, Silva tweeted and deleted an attention-grabbing social media update Silva compared a picture of Mendy as a kid to the mascot for Conguitos, a Spanish chocolate brand.… September 25, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City star Bernardo Silva has taken to social media to post a follow-up Tweet, after being forced to delete a previous post regarding teammate Benjamin Mendy. City run riot Pep Guardiola’s men welcomed Watford to the Etihad yesterday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. A shock 3-2 defeat… September 22, 2019 In "Sports"