R.EMEA.MKT.Africa.06.2019.1374 Supradyn, Europe’s no. 1 multivitamin1 is back in the Nigerian Market!! Yes, that’s right! Back and now in tablet form. To celebrate its re-entry into the market, multivitamin1, Supradyn hosted a special event for its customers on October 26th at The Ikeja City Mall (ICM) tagged ‘Optimal Performance with Supradyn’  Popular fitness coach, Shedams was at the event and treated consumers to free tips on exercising and the role of a proper diet in fighting stress and fatigue. Supradyn which is Europe’s no. 1 multivitamin1, contains 23 vitamins and minerals2 and is clinically proven to reduce stress, tiredness, and fatigue3.  Supradyn is available in pharmacies and online stores nationwide. For more information or product inquiries, visit the Supradyn facebook page To buy, click HERE    ———————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post Multivitamin Brand Supradyn re-launches in Nigeria appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija The 7th annual Nigerian Entertainment Conference Live (NEClive) has been announced and as usual, it will be an ensemble of the brightest entertainers, performers, producers, singers, celebrities, business personalities, and fans, where conversations geared towards the development of Nigeria’s entertainment industry will be discussed. On Wednesday, April 24th, the conference… February 20, 2019 In "News" Carey refused to discuss talks about the future of the street race, which snakes past the city's landmarks and skyscrapers. Formula One chief Chase Carey challenged the "spectacular" Singapore Grand Prix to keep improving on Wednesday as he made positive noises about striking a new deal to retain the glittering… September 13, 2017 In "News" Tiwa Savage and Falz amongst other superstars like Davido, Burna Boy and Kizz Daniel are all set to take the BAFest 2018 stage tonight at Eko Atlantic. With support from foremost beer brand, Tiger Beer the first edition of the Born In Africa Festival (BAFEST) will feature some of the… December 16, 2018 In "News"