Everton director of football Marcel Brands has spoken out about Marco Silva’s future amid reports of a potential sacking. Silva and Everton’s start to the season has been poor despite a summer of optimism. The Toffees made a number of impressive signings, including Juventus starlet Moise Kean and Mainz’s Jean-Philippe Gbamin. However, after a number of sub-par performances and some bad luck with injuries, Everton are sat just above a relegation battle. Marco Silva’s side are currently sat 16th in the Premier League table having lost to then-bottom side Norwich last weekend. With fixtures against Leicester, Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United coming up, Marco Silva looks a dead man walking. However, Everton director of football Marcel Brands has now spoken out on Silva’s future. LONDON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 26: Marco Silva, Manager of Everton looks on during the FA Cup Fourth Round match between Millwall and Everton at The Den on January 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of the clash with Leicester, Brands has called for unity. While acknowledging that Silva must perform, he makes it clear that ‘after a couple of years of instability’ the club must stick together. “As a Board, we have got to support that. Of course, we know in sport, as always, you have to perform – that’s me, the manager, the players, for everyone,” Brands explained to Everton TV. “It’s also important, especially in this Club, after a couple of years of instability, to stick together in this situation. “I think it is important that everyone has the feeling that we can turn this around to better results. “Of course, everyone was disappointed last Saturday but you saw also really in the eyes of the players the fire that they want to resolve this, to turn this around – together with the whole staff.” Despite the backing for Silva, questions will still remain over his future. Recent reports suggested that Silva is only still at Everton due to a lack of alternatives and that could still be the case. Though, with a couple more losses, Brands’ stance could quickly change. //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Liverpool vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals