Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes the peaceful resolution of conflict. With headquarters in Washington, DC and Brussels, Belgium, Search’s mission is to transform how individuals, organizations, and governments deal with conflict – away from destructive approaches towards cooperative solutions. With more than 600 staff worldwide, Search implements projects in more than 30 countries across the globe. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Design, Monitoring, Evaluation and Learning (DMEL) Officer Location: Warri, Delta
Department: Africa – West
Employment Type: Full-Time Position Summary Roles and Responsibilities As job descriptions cannot be exhaustive, the position holder may be required to undertake other duties that are broadly in line with the above key duties. Qualifications
Educational Background: Years of Experience: Other Requirements: Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Design, Monitoring, Evaluation and Learning (DMEL) Officer at Search for Common Ground (SFCG) – Delta appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes the peaceful resolution of conflict. With headquarters in Washington, DC and Brussels, Belgium, Search’s mission is to transform how individuals, organizations, and governments deal with conflict – away from destructive approaches towards cooperative solutions. With more than 600… November 6, 2019 In "Gists" Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes the peaceful resolution of conflict. With headquarters in Washington, DC and Brussels, Belgium, Search’s mission is to transform how individuals, organizations, and governments deal with conflict—away from destructive approaches towards cooperative solutions. With more than 600 staff worldwide, Search… November 6, 2019 In "Gists" Search for Common Ground (SFCG) is an international non-profit organization that promotes the peaceful resolution of conflict. With headquarters in Washington, DC and Brussels, Belgium, Search’s mission is to transform how individuals, organizations, and governments deal with conflict—away from destructive approaches towards cooperative solutions. With more than 600 staff worldwide,… November 6, 2019 In "Gists"