Manchester United will reportedly consider loaning Erling Braut Haaland back to RB Salzburg until the end of the season if they signed the striker in January. Haaland has been making waves in European football this season. The Norwegian has been impressing with RB Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga, scoring 15 goals in just 12 appearances. Though, it’s in the Champions League where he has really made a name for himself. Haaland scored a hat-trick on his competition debut against Genk before scoring in the loss against Liverpool just minutes after coming off the bench. Haaland then scored a further two goals against Napoli, before scoring against the Italian side in their reverse Champions League meeting. As a result of his impressive performances, plenty of clubs have been linked with a move for Haaland. Though, Manchester United are looking to beat the queue in January. HUDDERSFIELD, ENGLAND – MAY 05: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer the head coach / manager of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Huddersfield Town and Manchester United at John Smith’s Stadium on May 5, 2019 in Huddersfield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) According to the Mirror, Manchester United have a plan to steal a march on the competition for Haaland. They claim that while a transfer is likely next summer, Man United do not want to wait until then. As a compromise, Man United could sign the player and loan him back to RB Salzburg for the remainder of the season, so that they can get a deal done before the inevitable summer bidding war. That would allow Haaland to remain in Austria and potentially secure another title for RB Salzburg before joining up with Ole Gunnar Solskjær in the summer. Despite all of this, there is no indication of whether RB Salzburg would be open to a deal of that structure or not.   Napoli A post shared by  Erling Braut Haaland (@erling.haaland) on Nov 6, 2019 at 5:04am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js According to other reports, Man United are keeping a very close eye on Haaland. So much so that Ole Gunnar Solskjær has sent his personal scout to watch him. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Erling Braut Haaland lights up the Champions League Tuesday was an unforgettable night for 19-year-old Erling Braut Haaland. Playing in the Champions League for the first time, Haaland scored a first-half hat-trick for RB Salzburg. Haaland is now the third teenager to score a hat-trick on their Champions League debut.… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Europe’s next big thing? Both Manchester United and Real Madrid are reportedly keeping tabs on Red Bull Salzburg’s Norweigian starlet Erling Braut Haaland. Haaland has made a fantastic start to the season. The forward has scored an impressive 11 goals and assisted five in just eight Austrian Bundesliga appearances. Though,… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Salzburg standout Erling Haaland made the switch to RB Salzburg in January of 2019 from Molde FK. Salzburg are said to have paid around £4.5m for Haaland’s services. Haaland didn’t play too much football during his first half-season with the Austrian outfit but the 2019/20 campaign has seen Haaland impressing… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"