Arsenal have reportedly ‘set their sights’ on Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo to replace Unai Emery following a poor start to the season. The Gunners have simply not started the campaign as they would have expected. A productive summer of recruitment saw players brought in for key areas such as midfield and defence. However, after a somewhat decent start, Arsenal are now winless in their last five Premier League games. What is even more disappointing is the teams Arsenal have come up against in that time. The Gunners have suffered losses to both Sheffield United and Leicester while drawing with Crystal Palace, Wolves and Southampton. That has lead to reports suggesting Unai Emery’s sacking is only a matter of time, with Arsenal staff just waiting for official confirmation. Now, the club are reportedly eyeing up Wolves’ Nuno Espirito Santo. BRIGHTON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Nuno Espirito Santo, Manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers looks looks on prior to the Premier League match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers at American Express Community Stadium on October 27, 2018 in Brighton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Mike Hewitt/Getty Images) According to the Mail, Nuno has ’emerged as a leading candidate’ for the Arsenal job. The Portuguese boss has impressed with Wolves since their promotion to the Premier League. The West Midlands side secured Europa League football in their first season back in the English top-flight and are currently sat second in their group. They also sit 5th in the Premier League table. According to the Mail’s report, Emery’s position ‘is being considered on a game-by-game basis’, while Arsenal’s head of football Raul Sanllehi ‘has a long-standing relationship with Nuno’s agent Jorge Mendes’. Nuno is also said to have impressed the Arsenal hierarchy with the work he has done with Wolves. Despite links with Nuno, the Mail claim Freddie Ljungberg and academy boss Steve Bould could be instilled until the summer should Emery be sacked. That would allow Arsenal to try for ‘top-tier candidates’ who would be ‘more readily available’ in the off-season. //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Arsenal injury updates on Bellerin, Ceballos & Kolasinac before Frankfurt Arsenal staff ‘expecting Emery sack’ as dismissal figures emerge Source: Great Goals