 Canny Consults management and promotion teams up with Kaywise Academy Sensation, Dj Geelincon to come up with her first ever mixtape “Vibe Extraordinaire Mixtape” the aim is to mix the vibes of up and coming acts with the vibe of our known act to show the world how good and well this acts are doing! On this Volume has the vibe of Burj, Azien, Playboy Casted, Vodak white B.O.D. to mention a few on it.  Track list Cannyconsult intro x Dj Geelincon
Davido – Risky
Rema – Bad Commando
Burj – Hustler’s Anthem
Wizkid – Joro
Reekado banks – Rora
Azien – Jekoyewon
Toye – can’t love me
Ckay – Love nwantinti
Azien – headache
Vodak white – Dissapoint dem
Bigtrill – Parte after party
Bella Shmurda X Olamide – Vision 2020
Soundz – Ballerina
Burnaboy – Anybody
King dama – Lagbaja
Joeboy – Don’t call me back
Teni – Power ranger
Playboy Casted- Enough
Dj tunz x Oxlade – Causing trouble
Davido x Chris brown – Blow my mind
Joeboy – Beginning
Dj kaywise X Tclassic – Yes or no
Zinoleesky X Zlatan – money
Limerick – Everybody
Dj Smith X Patoranking x Shaker – Jama
Naira Marley – Mafo
Teni – Billionaire
Zlatan X IVD – Bolanle
Str Nation x smallzz X heyteen x picazzo – Malo cast e
Professional – Spider beat
Mohbad x Small doctor – Balan Zia Gar remix
Master Kg – Ntlo EA Swa
Naira Marley – Opotoyi
B.O.D x Reminisce – Shenk who shenk you
Lagos beat
Naira Marley – Puta
Samba beat
Olamide – Pawon
Dj xclusive – Zanku Riddim
Professional – 4 in 1
Naira Marley – Soapy Listen and Enjoy! STREAM/DOWNLOAD ”Vibe Extraordinary Mixtape”” The post Canny Consults x Dj Geelincon – “Vibe Extraordinaire Mixtape Vol. 1” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive DJ Kaywise – Yes Or No Mix Overview of DJ Kaywise – Yes Or No Mix Popular Nigerian disk jockey, DJ Kaywise comes through with another mixtape tagged “Yes Or N0“. The mixtape was led by his buzzing record ‘Yes Or No‘ featuring MixNaija Entertainment act, T Classic. The tracklist… October 12, 2019 In "Music/Video" DJ Kaywise – Skeletun Mix Overview of DJ Kaywise – Skeletun Mix Prolific disk jockey, DJ Kaywise comes through with a brand new mixtape dubbed “Skeletun Mix“. However, ‘Skeletun Mix‘ was inspired by Tekno‘s latest record ‘Skeletun‘ and it comes after the release of his previous mixtape tagged ‘Yes or… October 30, 2019 In "Music/Video" You go to parties and you can’t stop dancing. You’re wiping sweat off your face and your handkerchief is completely soaked. You can’t help but inquire who the monstrous DJ is. It is a fact that Nigerian DJs are known for setting dance floors on fire. Sometimes, many Nigerian DJs… August 14, 2019 In "Music/Video"