The reliable Nizaar Kinsella of Goal.com has this evening confirmed that Chelsea remain locked in negotiations with Willian over a new contract. 31-year-old winger Willian has been on the books of Chelsea since 2013, when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala. And the gifted South American has since gone on to establish himself as a key contributor for the Blues, racking up over 300 appearances across his 6+ seasons in London. The 2017/18 campaign proved particularly fruitful for the former Shakhtar Donetsk man, with Willian having notched 13 goals and 12 assists in 55 outings across all competitions. However, despite the 70-time capped international’s near ever-present role for the capital outfit, large sections of Chelsea’s fanbase have never truly taken to Willian. The Corinthians youth product’s inconsistencies last season, meanwhile, often saw him singled out for heavy criticism. This subsequently saw Willian hotly-tipped for a move to Spanish giants Barcelona over the summer. In the end, however, Chelsea warded off all interest in their attacker’s signature. And the early months of the current campaign have since seen the Blues reap the benefits of their decision. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 28: Willian of Chelsea celebrates after scoring his team’s second goal during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Brighton & Hove Albion at Stamford Bridge on September 28, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Darren Walsh/Chelsea FC via Getty Images) Willian has looked vastly-improved, amid a consistent run of appearances under Frank Lampard. The experienced wide-man has been handed a new lease of life by the club legend, looking reinvigorated, dangerous in front of goal and, crucially, fully committed to the Chelsea cause. Willian’s contract, though, is actually due to expire in less than 12 months’ time. This, meanwhile, has resulted in the speculation surrounding his future once again ramping up of late. A report from Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo earlier today suggested that the Brazilian is in ‘no hurry’ to pen a new deal at Stamford Bridge, with it his ‘dream’ to join Barcelona. Hola, aquí os dejamos la portada de este lunes #portada #deporte https://t.co/1KnhxPK7Mq pic.twitter.com/5FVnrN6seV — Mundo Deportivo (@mundodeportivo) November 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As per the aforementioned update courtesy of Nizaar Kinsella, though, negotiations between Chelsea and Willian remain ongoing. It is claimed that the player himself is ‘keen’ to remain in London, with the length of the proposed deal on the table likely to prove pivotal in whether he opts to stay put or not. Chelsea reportedly keeping tabs on Genk’s Sander Berge/ midfielder wants to ‘play at Anfield as often as possible’ Chelsea’s Callum Hudson-Odoi in surprise Real Madrid link Source: Great Goals