Did you know that former Arsenal midfielder Andrey Arshavin named his son Arseny? Arseny Arshavin has attracted attention in the past few days after he was named the La Masia player of the week. As detailed in Spanish paper Sport, Arseny Arshavin has been training with Barcelona’s academy in Russia for some time. Sport also claim that Andrey Arshavin is “quite involved” with his son’s development, and he often turns up to watch Arseny train. For the record, Andrey Arshavin has time on his hands to spend with his son after retiring from football last year. Растёт новая звезда ⭐https://t.co/yYVl5TzEQ1 Best player of the week! pic.twitter.com/WWic4ac1eX — Чемпионат (@championat) November 9, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Has Granit Xhaka played his last game for Arsenal already? Xhaka hasn’t been seen at the Emirates Stadium since he was subbed out of the 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace. After being booed by fans, Xhaka threw away his Arsenal shirt and stormed down the tunnel. Unai Emery has reacted by stripping Xhaka of the captaincy, while the midfielder hasn’t played for Arsenal since. In the Times on Tuesday, Xhaka is linked with a possible January move to AC Milan: The club are weighing up interest from AC Milan in Granit Xhaka. Ivan Gazidis, the Italian club’s chief executive, signed Xhaka when he was in the same role at Arsenal. Xhaka, the Switzerland midfielder, has intimated he will leave unless he returns to the squad over concerns that losing his starting place will jeopardise his chances of playing in Euro 2020.   Looking forward to the preperation for the next EURO Qualifiers #GX10 #euro2020 #hoppschwiiz A post shared by  Granit Xhaka (@granitxhaka) on Nov 11, 2019 at 6:56am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Also see: Why Pep Guardiola won’t be punished for sarcastic behaviour after Liverpool, unlike Chelsea’s Jose Mourinho. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s captaincy divides Gunners & it’s related to his relationship to Arsenal Fan TV. Source: Great Goals Will Xhaka leave Arsenal in January? Newcastle have offered Granit Xhaka an escape route from Arsenal after his relationship with the fans broke down last week. It’s safe to say that it’s not been a great couple of weeks for Xhaka. The Swiss midfielder was named Arsenal captain over the… November 8, 2019 In "Sports" As confirmed by the reliable David Ornstein of BBC Sport this afternoon, Arsenal manager Unai Emery has named Granit Xhaka as the club’s new captain. Koscielny departs As was widely-covered in the media during the summer, Arsenal’s previous captain, Laurent Koscielny, dropped a bombshell on the club back in July,… September 27, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka vs Crystal Palace Arsenal’s Granit Xhaka has on Thursday evening issued a message to Arsenal fans. The Swiss midfielder was subbed off 61 minutes into Arsenal’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last Sunday. In the midst of walking off the pitch vs Palace, Xhaka was met with boos from… October 31, 2019 In "Sports"