Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) is a member of the ACT Alliance and works with people and local actors, especially Faith-based actors in many countries where it works in their struggle to eradicate poverty and injustices. We provide humanitarian assistance in disasters and work for long-term development in local communities and societies. In order to address the root causes of poverty, we advocate for just decisions by public authorities, businesses and religious leaders. NCA has a presence in Nigeria to respond to the Humanitarian crisis in Northeast Nigeria. NCA has its core competencies in Gender Based Violence and Water Sanitation and Hygiene. NCA has its strengths in works and invest in local partners ensures building their capacities are built from the onset of response, in order to enable them to have the capacity to respond in a long-term intervention including recovery and development. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Senior Safety and Security Officer Location: MMC (Borno) with frequent travels to deep field locations
Reporting to: Country Director
Start date: January 2, 2020 Job Purpose Responsibilities
Security Management: Staff, and Asset Safety: Trainings: Liaison and Coordination: Reporting: Requirements NCA’s Commitments
NCA is committed to following the following policies, standards and commitments and all staff are equally expected to conform to their requirements: Application Closing Date
18th November, 2019; (Time – 12:00 noon) The post Senior Safety and Security Officer at Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) is a member of the ACT Alliance and works with people and local actors, especially Faith-based actors in many countries where it works in their struggle to eradicate poverty and injustices. We provide humanitarian assistance in disasters and work for long-term development in local communities and… November 11, 2019 In "Gists" Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) is a member of the ACT Alliance and works with people and local actors, especially Faith-based actors in many countries where it works in their struggle to eradicate poverty and injustices. We provide humanitarian assistance in disasters and work for long-term development in local communities and… August 16, 2019 In "Jobs" Norwegian Church Aid (‘NCA’) is a member of the ACT Alliance and works with people and local actors, especially Faith-based actors in many countries where it works in their struggle to eradicate poverty and injustices. We provide humanitarian assistance in disasters and work for long-term development in local communities and… July 29, 2019 In "Jobs"