Chelsea manager Frank Lampard has this evening discussed Willian’s contract situation, as well as the Brazilian’s importance to his side. 31-year-old winger Willian has been on the books of Chelsea since 2013, when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala. And the gifted South American has since gone on to establish himself as a key contributor for the Blues, racking up over 300 appearances across his 6+ seasons in London. The 2017/18 campaign proved particularly fruitful for the former Shakhtar Donetsk man, with Willian having notched 13 goals and 12 assists in 55 outings across all competitions. However, despite the 69-time capped international’s near ever-present role for the capital outfit, large sections of Chelsea’s fanbase have never truly taken to Willian. The Corinthians youth product’s inconsistencies last season, meanwhile, often saw him singled out for heavy criticism. Willian has to go. No hating but his chelsea career is done out here transfer ban or not. — Elias (@Everymonday6) April 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The early months of the current campaign, however, have seen new life breathed into Willian’s performances. The experienced attacker has been handed a new lease of life by Frank Lampard, looking reinvigorated, dangerous in front of goal and, crucially, fully committed to the Chelsea cause. This comes despite his contract being due to expire in less than 12 months’ time. As such, speaking earlier today, Frank Lampard was drawn on Willian’s deal at Stamford Bridge, and the possibility of the Brazilian extending his stay in the English capital. The Chelsea boss, though, admitted that, as things stand, he remains largely in the dark regarding Willian’s intentions: ‘The word isn’t “no brainer” because I can’t get involved in the money. That’s up to the club to do. But everyone sees how much I’m relying on him, and picking him and in what he is producing. I love him at this football club. So there’s my answer.’ Lampard continued by heaping praise on his former teammate, labelling Willian an ‘outstanding example’ for the younger members of his squad: ‘I know his qualities from playing with him. But when I looked at Willy over the last couple of years, he was in and out of the team. You’re not sure, from the outside, I want to see him happy. Willy is a happy, easy-going lad who loves his football and that was the first thing I said to him at the start of the season.’ ‘I saw him being huge in the way I wanted to play. Naturally, on the ball, we all know his ability to go by, one v one, and shift people and cross or get shots away. But his off-the-ball work is an outstanding example for Callum Hudson-Odoi, for Christian Pulisic, for other young players who think the only part of the game is going by people, crossing or shooting.’ Quotes via Goal Frank Lampard reacts to Chelsea being above Man City Milinkovic-Savic a priority signing for Chelsea if transfer ban lifted – Mirror Source: Great Goals Chelsea star Willian has today provided an update on his future, as the Brazilian’s expiring contract continues to wind down. Chelsea stint 31-year-old winger Willian has been on the books of Chelsea since 2013, when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala. And the gifted… October 25, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea are set to sign three players to new contacts in the coming days, according to Matt Hughes of the Times. He writes that Willian, Reece James and Tammy Abraham, all expected to be in Frank Lampard’s first team plans this season, are all “close” to agreeing new deals at the… August 4, 2019 In "News" Chelsea manager, Frank Lampard has said that he wants forwards, Willian and Callum Hudson-Odoi, in his squad ahead of next season. Lampard explained that both Willian and Hudson-Odoi are key players in his squad, adding that he wants the duo to stay at Stamford Bridge. Willian has been strongly linked… July 29, 2019 In "News"