It was another shocking weekend for Everton as they lost 2-0 at home to Norwich. The Canaries hadn’t scored an away goal in the Premier League since the opening weekend of the season. But then Everton came along, and second-half goals from Todd Cantwell and Dennis Srbeny earned Norwich three massive points. Norwich are now on 10 points, while Everton have 14. Everton fans should be worried. The Toffees are now facing a series of incredibly difficult looking fixtures, starting with an away trip to Leicester next Sunday. After that, it’s a trip to Anfield to battle eternal rivals Liverpool. Games against Chelsea, Man United, Leicester (Carabao Cup) and Arsenal lead Everton up to a Boxing Day clash at home to Burnley. That story is being pushed by the Mirror on Monday. According to reporter David Maddock, Silva’s days at Everton seem to be over. The headline in the red-top reads: “Marco Silva’s Everton fate sealed with David Moyes set to return as new manager”. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Yet, Everton fans should prepare themselves to see Silva lead the team against Leicester and probably Liverpool too. Writing for the I paper, Ian Whittell claims Silva’s job is safe for now due to a lack of alternatives for the post: Silva’s prospects are helped by the club’s traditional reluctance to shed managers and, related to that, Everton are concerned at what they see as a lack of viable, and realistic candidates currently available. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In a similar vein, the Athletic revealed how Everton’s decision-makers reacted after the defeat to Norwich on Saturday: The Athletic understands (Farhad) Moshiri joined (Bill) Kenwright, the chief executive Denise Barrett-Baxendale and the director of football Marcel Brands in a board meeting after the game. But there was still no real feeling behind the scenes that Silva’s dismissal was imminent on Saturday evening. The Portuguese did speak to Moshiri after the game, but this is not an uncommon occurrence. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Who could Everton realistically appoint if they did sack Silva? While Everton fans may hope Mauricio Pochettino arrives to Merseyside, the assumption is that Argentine is looking at a much bigger club for his next move. Could Rafa Benitez return to the Premier League with the Toffees? Over the weekend, in an interview with the Sunday Times, Benitez confirmed family pressure to come back to England from his current job at Dalian Yifang in China. He said: My wife would like to see me coming back in future to the Premier League. But she knows (for now) I stay. And that I have to do things right here. Also see: Unai Emery’s Arsenal sacking seems imminent, impact of Tottenham’s change & 7 possible successors including Brendan Rodgers. How Jose Mourinho is helping Amazon, tactical changes vs West Ham & Harry Kane’s long goodbye with Mauricio Pochettino. Source: Great Goals