The Duchess of Sussex Meghan Markle joined the Duke Prince Harry in the 91st Field of Remembrance to pay their respects to the servicemen and women who have fought in wars past for their nation. It was Meghan’s 1st, but the Prince’s 7th, and the two of them, surrounded by elderly soldiers, stood side by side to honour all the men and women who have passed fighting for their country. Prince Harry, who served in the Army for 10 years, was dressed Household Division ceremonial uniform, while Meghan chose a lovely navy winter coat which she paired with a hat and black Victoria Beckham boots. The two of them kneeled one after the other to place small crosses in honour of those lost – a tradition that began in 1921. Check out photos from the ceremony: LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex attend the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Kirsty Wigglesworth – WPA Pool/Getty Images)  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex attends the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Kirsty Wigglesworth – WPA Pool/Getty Images)  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex attend the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Kirsty Wigglesworth – WPA Pool/Getty Images)  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Meghan, Duchess of Sussex meets veterans and soldiers as she attends the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Geoff Pugh – WPA Pool/Getty Images)  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 07: Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex places a cross as he attends the 91st Field of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey on November 7, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Kirsty Wigglesworth – WPA Pool/Getty Images) The post Meghan Markle joins Prince Harry to Honour Servicemen & Women in the Field of Remembrance appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Beyoncé was in London for the UK premiere of Disney’s “The Lion King” and guess who else was also there? The Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle! This marks the first time the two are meeting publicly. Queen Bey attended the event with Jay-Z and Meghan was there with Prince Harry.… July 14, 2019 In "Entertainment" LEADERSHIP Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have spent their dayÂ visiting SussexÂ in England, the region that gave them their titles as theÂ Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Speaking to theÂ BBCÂ about the royal support, the Director of Survivors’ Network, Jay Breslaw, said thatÂ Harry and Meghan’s visitÂ had created “a mood of real jubilation in… October 4, 2018 In "News" The Royal variety performance takes place every year in aid of the royal varietyÂ charity of which The Queen of England is the patron. The money raised at the royal variety performance helps entertainers throughout the UK in need of help and assistance as a result of old age, ill-health, or… November 20, 2018 In "News"