Chelsea played host to Ajax on Tuesday evening as they looked to cement a place atop of Group H. Both sides headed into the tie joint of their group with six points from three outings. But Chelsea knew that if they lost to Ajax and Valencia beat Lille in the remaining Group H tie, then the Premier League outfit would have slipped out of the qualification spots. Chelsea’s last Champions League tie was also against Ajax and was arguably their most impressive display under the guidance of Frank Lampard. Chelsea’s starting line-up vs Ajax was pretty standard with Marcos Alonso for Emerson the only change from this past weekend. Team news is in and there’s one change for the Blues! #CHEAJA pic.twitter.com/Qzong4XEjN — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Here are three key talking points from the clash. Ajax didn’t create too much in the reverse fixture vs Chelsea last month. However, the Dutch champions hit the ground running at Stamford Bridge. Two players who epitomised Ajax’s fantastic attacking threat on Tuesday were Quincy Promes and Hakim Ziyech. It would be Promes’ free-kick that Tammy Abraham touched into his own net less than three minutes into the tie. 2 – Ajax’s opener against Chelsea was the second earliest goal conceded by the Blues in the Champions League after Stephan El Shaarawy (Roma) in October 2017 (39 seconds). Rapid. pic.twitter.com/m3n2zkV1xg — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Promes would regain Ajax their lead in the 20th minute as well. The scintillating attacker got in behind Cesar Azpilicueta to head in a superb cross from Hakim Ziyech to make it 2-1. A mile a minute in London! Ajax have their second against Chelsea through Quincy Promes after a brilliant Hakim Ziyech cross.#UCL #OptusSport pic.twitter.com/pL1OTrmTuc — Optus Sport (@OptusSport) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Ziyech then attempted an audacious free-kick in the 35th minute to give Ajax a 3-1 lead. The goal was awarded as a Kepa Arrizabalaga own goal but Ziyech should still be given a lot of credit for his effort. This about as unlucky as it gets Hakim Ziyech’s cross hits Kepa square in the face and goes in. Wait for the slow-motion replays… pic.twitter.com/NRJb5JHeQx — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Ziyech would also provide the assist for Ajax’s 4th of the evening. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Quincy Promes of AFC Ajax celebrates with Hakim Ziyech after scoring his team’s first goal during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and AFC Ajax at Stamford Bridge on November 05, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) While Chelsea’s first-half display was far from great, they really should be credited for their superb fighting spirit. Chelsea started the second-half the much better of the two sides and looked as though they may edge their way back into the game. However, Donny van de Beek then made it 4-1 in the 55th minute. Despite having a three-goal deficit to overturn, Chelsea’s young squad kept going and put on a very mature display, which was eventually rewarded in the 63rd minute when Cesar Azpilicueta made it 4-2. Then, after seeing two Ajax players shown red cards in quick succession, Chelsea managed to draw the game level thanks to a second Jorginho penalty and a 74th-minute Reece James strike. While most teams would have rolled over and given up at 4-1 down, Lampard’s side kept pressing, kept attacking and should be given huge plaudits for their efforts. Reece James also became Chelsea’s youngest ever goalscorer in the Champions League with his equaliser. What a moment for Reece James! He becomes Chelsea’s youngest ever goalscorer in the Champions League as they come back from three goals down… The celebration is almost as good as the goal pic.twitter.com/ity7M00Gf2 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Reece James of Chelsea celebrates after scoring a goal to make it 4-4 during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and AFC Ajax at Stamford Bridge on November 5, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) But Chelsea did experience one blow during their exemplary second-half display. That was losing one of their top midfielders to injury. Since Frank Lampard took the reins at Chelsea, Mason Mount has been an integral member of their senior squad. The midfield maestro has had a solid start to the 2019/20 campaign, which has seen him score four and assist two in 11 Premier League ties. However, Mount took a nasty-looking knock in the second 45 vs Ajax and had to be withdrawn. Mason Mount hobbles off after taking a knock and is replaced by Callum Hudson-Odoi. 1-4 [60′] #CHEAJA pic.twitter.com/DbemGi7FMh — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) November 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea’s next tie sees them face Crystal Palace on Saturday and with Jorginho suspended for the clash, they should be hopeful Mount’s injury isn’t too serious.
See also: Atalanta vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Crvena Zvezda vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Vitoria Guimaraes vs Arsenal betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea vs Ajax Chelsea are set to play host to Ajax on Tuesday evening as they look to make it three wins out of three in the Champions League. The Blue’s last outing in Europe’s top club competition also saw Chelsea taking on Ajax. Chelsea would put on arguably their… November 4, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard was this evening involved in a rather bizarre exchange with a Dutch journalist, during his pre-Ajax press conference. Ajax vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to the Johan Cruijff ArenA in less than 24 hours’ time, for their latest Champions League outing. Chelsea will… October 22, 2019 In "Sports" Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"