Proxynet Communications is an Information Technology Company focusing on Systems Integrations, Network Security / disaster recovery Solution, Enterprise Software Solutions. Our businesses are strongly channeled to providing integrated, turnkey, technology solutions to the financial, manufacturing, telecommunications, government, Oil and blue chip sectors in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the position below:

Job Title: System Engineer Location: Abuja Responsibilities Qualifications and Requirements Application Closing Date
15th November, 2019. The post System Engineer at Proxynet Communications appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Proxynet Communications is an Information Technology Company focusing on Systems Integrations, Network Security / disaster recovery Solution, Enterprise Software Solutions. Our businesses are strongly channeled to providing integrated, turnkey, technology solutions to the financial, manufacturing, telecommunications, government, Oil and blue chip sectors in Nigeria.We are recruiting to fill the position… June 27, 2019 In "Jobs" Proxynet Communications is an Information Technology Company focusing on Systems Integrations, Network Security / disaster recovery Solution, Enterprise Software Solutions. Our businesses are strongly channeled to providing integrated, turnkey, technology solutions to the financial, manufacturing, telecommunications, government, Oil and blue chip sectors in Nigeria.We are recruiting to fill the position… August 1, 2019 In "Jobs" Proxynet Communications is an Information Technology Company focusing on Systems Integrations, Network Security / disaster recovery Solution, Enterprise Software Solutions. Our businesses are strongly channeled to providing integrated, turnkey, technology solutions to the financial, manufacturing, telecommunications, government, Oil and blue chip sectors in Nigeria. We are recruiting to fill the… July 4, 2019 In "Jobs"