Newly-appointed Spurs boss Jose Mourinho this evening provided his take on the club’s surprise run to last season’s Champions League final. The major talking point across the English media over the last week has surrounded Tottenham’s decision to part ways with Mauricio Pochettino, and replace the Argentine with Mourinho. After confirming that they had ousted long-term boss Pochettino last Tuesday night, Mourinho’s appointment was made official less than 12 hours later. The former Chelsea and Manchester United coach has put pen-to-paper on a contract until 2023 in north London. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Mourinho has since gone on to enjoy a positive start to life at the helm at Spurs, with the Lilywhites having put capital rivals West Ham to the sword by 3 goals to 2 over the weekend. Incredibly, this came as Tottenham’s first away victory in the Premier League since January. As such, inevitably, comparisons between the record of Mauricio Pochettino on the road over his final months in charge of Spurs, and that of Mourinho with just a solitary outing under his belt, have already begun to surface. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Speaking in a press conference this evening, though, Mourinho was drawn on what many feel was his predecessor’s crowning achievement on the Tottenham bench. This was of course Pochettino guiding the north Londoners all the way to last season’s Champions League final. In typically blunt fashion, however, after labelling Spurs’ run an ‘incredible’ one, the Portuguese tactician added that it was not a ‘historic’ achievement, due to the club’s failure to best Liverpool in the competition’s finale: ‘As for Spurs last season, they had little details for them. VAR was with them, it was the right decision, but they fought for it. The Lucas goal in Amsterdam. To arrive in the final is an incredible achievement, but not history. History is winning’ Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals