 Tordue Salem – Abuja The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu, has denied fresh allegations of disloyalty leveled against him by the National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Kola Ologbondiyan, warning that poor handling of the crisis within the ranks of the party in the House of Representatives could lead to its destruction. He said the allegations were “completely against the principle of democracy, rule of law and fairness upon which our great party, the PDP is founded and known since its formation 21 years ago.” “The leadership of our great party to weigh its actions and not allow certain individuals with vested personal interests to destroy the reputation and democratic foundations of the PDP, a party Nigerians look up to for direction at a time like this.” Elumelu was reacting to a statement issued by the PDP spokesman, alleging that his actions as Minority Leader of the House were inimical to the well-being of the party. Continue reading Elumelu rejects PDP’s allegations of disloyalty, warns of implosion at Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard ASABA – The wounds of the proceeding at the House of Representatives Wednesday, July 3, 2019 where the speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila announced Ndudi Elumelu as the Minority Leader; Toby Okechukwu, Deputy Minority Leader; Gideon Gwadi and Adekoya Abdul-Majid as Minority Whip and Deputy Whip respectively while the party had nominated Kingsley… July 17, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online 111 pro-Elumelu lawmakers revolt against PDP decision The lingering crisis trailing the endorsement of Hon. Ndudi Elumelu as the Minority Leader of the opposition parties in the House of Representatives took a new dimension on Monday as 111 members called on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to immediately… July 8, 2019 In "News" Leaders, elders and stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Anioma, Delta North have said that the reasons given for the suspension of Hon. Ndudi Elume were insufficient, premeditated, over-punitive and potentially capable of causing widespread disaffection and  disenchantment. Therefore, the Delta North Senatorial District of Delta State has… July 10, 2019 In "News"