Manchester United have had an ok start to the 2019/20 campaign. After 12 games of the season United are sat 7th in the league, one point adrift of 5th place. But, at the moment, it looks as though the Manchester powerhouse could be once again resigned to Europa League football next campaign as they are already nine points adrift of the PL top-four. Victor Lindelof has now stated that United need to get better at winning matches week in week out: “I generally think there is one thing we need to get better at if we are going to get back to the level Manchester United should be at: that’s winning matches week in and week out. “Sometimes it does not have to be neat, but you should win anyway. “There’s been a bit of a problem – If we go into the matches against big clubs, we’re all connected, and we get results. “Then a few days go by and we meet a slightly lower team, then we have to go in exactly the same way, not get comfortable. “We start well, play fast and get to positions – but then we stop with it after 20 minutes, complicate it and play poorly.” As quoted by the Mirror.   Three points before the international break. Perfect #MUFC A post shared by  Victor Lindelöf (@victorlindelof) on Nov 10, 2019 at 8:17am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Perhaps one of the main reasons United are struggling to win week in week out is because of their away record. Despite it being mid-November, Man United have won just once on the road in the PL this term. And that victory came against bottom of the table Norwich City. So far this season, Man United have failed to beat Bournemouth, Newcastle, West Ham, Southampton and Wolves away from Old Trafford in the PL. See also: England vs Montenegro betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Free bets: England vs Montenegro enhanced betting offers for the Euro 2020 qualifier Republic of Ireland vs New Zealand betting tips: International friendly match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" In this piece, we take a look at some of the main talking points to be taken from Newcastle’s United victory over Manchester United this evening. Magpies emerge victorious Newcastle welcomed United to St. James’ Park a short time ago, for the weekend’s final Premier League fixture. Both sides headed… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Man United see off Brighton Manchester United played host to Brighton on Sunday afternoon. United’s last league outing prior to Brighton saw them dealt a 1-0 defeat away to Bournemouth with the Red Devils really struggling away from home in the league this campaign. Luckily for Man United, they were… November 10, 2019 In "Sports"