Leicester City’s James Maddison received his England debut on Thursday night. Many have been calling for Maddison to play for England, however Gareth Southgate has appeared lukewarm on the Foxes playmaker. Against Montenegro, Maddison came off the bench in the second half. England qualified for Euro 2020 thanks to their 7-0 mauling against Montenegro. That raised some people’s expectations that Maddison could finally start for England against Kosovo in their final qualifier. However, Maddison’s chance of making his England starting debut are in jeopardy after news filtered out that the midfielder has sustained a calf strain. The good news for Maddison is he’s travelled to Kosovo. That suggests his injury isn’t too bad. Next Saturday, Leicester head to Brighton in the Premier League. #lcfc James Maddison is a doubt for #england game against Kosovo tomorrow night after picking up a calf strain. He has travelled with the squad but will face a fitness test before the game. — Rob Dorsett (@RobDorsettSky) November 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While Maddison may miss out on his England start, the rumour doing the rounds on Sunday is that Burnley keeper Nick Pope could start against Kosovo on Sunday. The Sunday Times have reported the following: Southgate is considering handing the Burnley goalkeeper Nick Pope his full debut. Pope’s only previous experience came with a 25-minute appearance as a substitute in a friendly victory over Costa Rica at Elland Road before the 2018 World Cup. Pope has been an ever-present for Burnley this season. Burnley have the joint fourth-highest number of Premier League clean sheets with Brighton: 4. For the record, Leicester, Man City and Sheffield United have 5 clean sheets in the league. Many of tomorrow’s papers suggesting Nick Pope will start in Kosovo. — Phil Bird (@PhilBirdBFC) November 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Kosovo vs England betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions. Predicting England’s starting line-up for their clash with Kosovo. Source: Great Goals