Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has this evening moved to shut down the suggestion that his ‘thank you’ to referee Michael Oliver on the back of his side’s defeat to Liverpool was delivered with a sarcastic tone. Jurgen Klopp’s table-toppers welcomed City to Anfield a short time ago, for a crucial clash in the Premier League title race. The hosts headed into proceedings aware that a victory would see them move 8 points clear atop the English top-flight table, and a hefty 9 points clear of the champions. Liverpool were also unbeaten in the Premier League before today, having secured wins in all but one of their previous 11 fixtures. And, when all was said and done on Merseyside, the domestic dominance of the Reds continued, in a 3-1 win. Goals from Fabinho, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane, in the end, proved telling. ⚽️ Fabinho
⚽️ Salah
⚽️ Mane — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Bernardo Silva did manage to find the net for City ten minutes from time, but the attacker’s strike eventually proved little more than a consolation. Liverpool’s victory, though, did not come without its controversies. The home side’s opener came just moments after Manchester City were denied what they felt should have been a stonewall penalty, following a Trent Alexander-Arnold handball in the Liverpool box. Pep Guardiola reacted furiously to the incident, with the Spaniard having also been left perplexed by a number of further decisions over the course of the clash. This eventually resulted in what appeared to be an intentionally-sarcastic message on the part of the Man City boss towards referee Michael Oliver following the full-time whistle. Guardiola shook the hand of Oliver and both linesmen, whilst repeating ‘thank you so much’: Guardiola with the hugely sarcastic “thank you so much, thank you so much” as he shakes Michael Oliver’s hand — Sam Lee (@SamLee) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Footage of the incident can be seen below: “Thank you so much…” 🤔 📺 Watch full reaction live on Sky Sports PL pic.twitter.com/CTECmWAoHB — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Spaniard was therefore inevitably questioned on his actions during a post-match interview this evening. Guardiola, however, point-blank rejected the notion that his message to Oliver was intended to be ironic, assuring that he thanks officials in such a manner on a weekly basis: ‘It was not sarcastic. I say thank you so much all the time. I said the same at Tottenham game at home – all the time I go to referees I say thank you so much.’ Quotes via the Telegraph Solskjaer provides injury update on McTominay after Brighton Why Arsenal won’t sack Unai Emery amid claims of Luis Enrique talks Source: Great Goals Norwich 3 – Manchester City 2 How important will Man City’s 3-2 defeat to Norwich be in the Premier League title race? In the shock of the season, an injury-plagued Canaries side managed to beat the reigning champs on Saturday. Norwich were well-worth their win against the Sky Blues after… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" A number of amazing statistics stemming from Liverpool’s victory over Manchester City this evening have emerged across social media. Liverpool win again Jurgen Klopp’s table-toppers welcomed City to Anfield a short time ago, for a Premier League showdown. Hosts Liverpool entered proceedings sitting pretty 6 points clear of the champions… November 10, 2019 In "Sports" Jurgen Klopp this morning labelled Manchester City counterpart Pep Guardiola the finest tactician on the planet, ahead of Liverpool’s meeting with the Citizens this weekend. Liverpool vs Man City The most high-profile fixture of the Premier League season to this point is set to be played out at Anfield on… November 8, 2019 In "Sports"