Granit Xhaka began the 2019/20 campaign as Arsenal captain and a regular starter. However, Xhaka’s season has taken a bit of a nosedive since Arsenal’s clash with Crystal Palace. When walking off the pitch after being subbed off, Xhaka was booed by some Arsenal fans and responded by swearing and cupping his ear. Since the incident, Xhaka has not featured for Arsenal and has been stripped of the Arsenal captaincy. Unai Emery also admitted he is unsure if Xhaka will play for the North London outfit again. ST ALBANS, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Granit Xhaka of Arsenal during a training session at London Colney on November 05, 2019 in St Albans, England. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) With Xhaka’s future at Arsenal looking rather bleak, the Swiss international has been linked with a move away. A recent report from The Times claimed Newcastle boss Steve Bruce is ready to offer Xhaka a lifeline: Steve Bruce is ready to offer the player a lifeline. The Newcastle manager is a big admirer and is keen to add a player of Xhaka’s experience to the heart of his midfield, having admitted that he would like more running power in that area. Steve Bruce has since responded to said claims. While Bruce stated that Xhaka is a very good player, the Magpies’ boss didn’t give too much away as to his actual interest in the Arsenal man, stating he was not going to comment on anybody else’s players: “Granit Xhaka?” “Look, I was only in the job two weeks and I was linked with 42 players. So I am not going to comment on anybody else’s players. “He is a very good player.” As quoted by the Mirror. See also: Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Leicester City vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds   Source: Great Goals Will Xhaka leave Arsenal in January? Newcastle have offered Granit Xhaka an escape route from Arsenal after his relationship with the fans broke down last week. It’s safe to say that it’s not been a great couple of weeks for Xhaka. The Swiss midfielder was named Arsenal captain over the… November 8, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka vs Crystal Palace Arsenal’s Granit Xhaka has on Thursday evening issued a message to Arsenal fans. The Swiss midfielder was subbed off 61 minutes into Arsenal’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last Sunday. In the midst of walking off the pitch vs Palace, Xhaka was met with boos from… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka responds to fans Arsenal took on Crystal Palace this past weekend. The Gunners would find themselves 2-0 up after nine minutes thanks to goals from David Luiz and Sokratis. However, Crystal Palace would find a way back into the match and come away with a 2-2 draw. The biggest… October 30, 2019 In "Sports"