Arsenal will travel to Leicester in Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off. Despite it only being early November, the tie could have huge implications for Arsenal’s top-four hopes this campaign. The North London outfit head into the weekend’s actions 5th in the Premier League. But they are already six points adrift of Leicester and Chelsea who currently occupy 3rd and 4th spot. Should Arsenal lose to Leicester and Chelsea beat Crystal Palace this weekend, the Gunners would find themselves already nine points behind the top four, which would be a huge blow. The two sides go into the game in fairly contrasting form as well. The Foxes have emerged victorious from four of their last five PL outings while Arsenal have amassed just one win in five league ties.   ⁠ ⁠ #Arsenal #Bergkamp #premierleague #LEIARS A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Nov 8, 2019 at 12:25am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 19: Unai Emery, Manager of Arsenal gives his team instructions during the Carabao Cup Quarter Final match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at Emirates Stadium on December 19, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) Ahead of the pivotal clash with Brendan Rodgers’ side, Arsenal have, on Friday, provided an update on Dani Ceballos. The Spaniard was subbed off 54 minutes into Arsenal’s meeting with Vitoria earlier this week. Arsenal have since confirmed that Ceballos suffered a problem to his left hamstring in the Europa League tie and is set to miss Saturday’s game with Leicester: Dani Ceballos Left hamstring. Sustained during the Vitoria (a) match on November 6. Currently being assessed, but will miss Saturday’s match at Leicester City. No other first team squad players are unavailable due to injury. Check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. You can also view the rest of our Premier League betting tips here. See also: Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction  Source: Great Goals Emery’s Arsenal stint Unai Emery took over from Arsene Wenger at Arsenal back in 2018. Emery’s first season at the helm of Arsenal was so close to being solid but it collapsed somewhat at the back end of the campaign. After Wenger failed to deliver Champions League football in his… October 30, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal held by Wolves Arsenal played host to Wolves on Saturday afternoon. Unai Emery’s side headed into the tie in fairly average form, having already dropped some valuable points this campaign against the likes of Watford and Crystal Palace. The Gunners were also knocked out of the League Cup in… November 3, 2019 In "Sports" Former Arsenal star Paul Merson has today revealed his opinion that the club’s board should pull out all the stops to lure Brendan Rodgers away from Leicester City. Arsenal held by Wolves Unai Emery’s men welcomed Wolves to the Emirates this past weekend, for their latest Premier League outing. The… November 5, 2019 In "Sports"