Former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been confirmed as FIFA’s new Chief of Global Football Development despite being linked with Bayern Munich. Wenger has been out of management since leaving Arsenal in the summer of 2018. The Frenchman had a hugely successful time in north London but after a difficult last few years, decided to make way for new blood. Following his departure, Wenger has predominantly featured on beIN Sports as a pundit. Though, he has been linked with a return to football on several occasions. His most recent was in relation to Bayern Munich after they sacked Niko Kovac. Wenger was tipped to become the next boss and he even confirmed recently that there had been contact. However, that must not have come to anything as Wenger now has a job elsewhere. Real Madrid’s French coach Zinedine Zidane (R) vies with French coach Arsene Wenger (L) during a charity game with football and rugby legends on May 27, 2019 in Bordeaux, southwestern France. (Photo by NICOLAS TUCAT / AFP) (Photo credit should read NICOLAS TUCAT/AFP/Getty Images) As confirmed by FIFA, Wenger will become their new Chief of Global Football Development. In their statement, FIFA explain that Wenger’s responsibilities will include ‘overseeing and driving the growth and development of the sport for both men and women around the world’. FIFA also explain they will tap into Wenger’s managerial experience and use him for coach education to help bridge the gap between football retirement and management. Welcome to the team, ‘Le Professeur’ Arsene Wenger is FIFA’s new Chief of Global Football Development Read more: https://t.co/V8TFLTcJvf pic.twitter.com/C2ChWCEd23 — #U17WC (@FIFAcom) November 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Speaking about his new role, Wenger sounded reinvigorated by the challenge. “I very much look forward to taking on this extremely important challenge, not only because I have always been interested in analysing football from a broader perspective but also because FIFA’s mission as world football’s governing body is truly global,” he explained in FIFA’s statement. “I believe that the new FIFA we have seen emerging in recent years has the sport itself at the very heart of its objectives and is determined to develop the game in its many different components. “I know I can contribute to this objective and will put all my energy into this.”  See also: Arsene Wenger reveals he will hold Bayern Munich talks next week Bayern Munich hold Arsene Wenger meeting/Reject former Arsenal boss – Falk Source: Great Goals Could Arsene Wenger be the next Bayern boss? Arsene Wenger has revealed talks are scheduled with Bayern Munich’s Karl-Heinz Rummenigge next week over the vacant managerial position. Wenger has been out of the job since leaving Arsenal in the summer of 2018. The Frenchman had a largely successful career in… November 8, 2019 In "Sports" Managerial merry-go-round Arsene Wenger could soon be on his way to Bayern Munich, while Ralf Rangnick continues to be linked with a move to Manchester United. Wenger has been out of management since his Arsenal departure back in 2018. The Frenchman had a brilliant tenure with the Gunners, but a… November 6, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from the reliable Christian Falk of German outlet Bild, Bayern Munich have turned down the chance to appoint Arsene Wenger as Niko Kovac’s replacement. Kovac sacked Now-former Bayern boss Kovac was relieved of his duties last Sunday night. On the back of a disappointing run of… November 7, 2019 In "Sports"