Napoli are set to take legal action against their own players after they refused to go on a training retreat following a poor start to the season. The Italian side have struggled so far in this campaign, with Napoli sat down in 7th with just one win in five. Their performances in the Champions League have been slightly better though. Wins over Liverpool and Red Bull Salzburg mean Napoli will likely qualify second in the group and could go through without losing a single game. However, there now looks to be a mutiny at Napoli. WHAT A GOAL! #NAPSAL 1-1‬ (HT) #UCL‬ #ForzaNapoliSempre‬ A post shared by  SSC Napoli (@officialsscnapoli) on Nov 5, 2019 at 12:54pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js After their 1-1 draw with Red Bull Salzburg, Napoli’s players were supposed to go on a ‘ritiro’, which means players would live with each other either at a hotel or their training ground until the next fixture. However, despite the fact it was meant to take place immediately after the game, Napoli players chose to go home instead. That has lead to a huge row this week between president Aurelio De Laurentiis, the players and Carlo Ancelotti. Now, Napoli have threatened legal action against the players. In a statement, as cited by the Mail, Napoli claimed they would ‘protect its rights’ on a number of issues. The statement read: “The club announces that, with reference to the behaviour of the players on Tuesday, it will proceed to protect its rights on an economic, capital, image and disciplinary levels in every competent jurisdiction. “It is also made clear that the responsibility to decide on ordering days in a training retreat lies with coach Carlo Ancelotti. “A press silence has been ordered from now until a date yet to be decided.” It has also been suggested by Gazzetta dello Sport that De Laurentiis has spoken with lawyers over potentially terminating Ancelotti’s contract. FULL TIME ‪#NAPSAL‬ 1-1 @championsleague #UCL #ForzaNapoliSempre A post shared by  SSC Napoli (@officialsscnapoli) on Nov 5, 2019 at 1:54pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who will likely be following this situation is Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The Swedish striker has been heavily linked with a move to Naples. President De Laurentiis even suggested there was something in the links. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals Manchester City already planning for the winter window and beyond Manchester City, Barcelona and Real Madrid are all reportedly interested in signing Napoli’s Spanish midfielder Fabián Ruiz. Ruiz is starting to be recognised as one of the most exciting central midfielders in Europe. The Spaniard joined Napoli back in the… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Napoli vs Liverpool Liverpool are set to take on Napoli later today. The Napoli clash is Liverpool’s first Champions League group game of the new season. Liverpool also have RB Salzburg and Genk in their qualifying group. Napoli were in Liverpool’s Champions League group during the 2018/19 campaign. The two… September 17, 2019 In "Sports" An exciting night of Champions League football at Anfield Liverpool escaped embarrassment in their clash with Red Bull Salzburg, winning the game 4-3 to get their first Champions League win of the season. The Reds were one of the favourites for the trophy this season but they didn’t make the… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"