The superstar singer took to his Instagram page just few hours ago to post the tracklist to the very well anticipated album. The album consists of 17 songs which has 5 songs; “Fall,” “If,” “Blow My Mind,” “Assurance” & his latest smash hit; “Risky” already released. The album features 11 different artistes which includes Peruzzi, Yonda, Naira Marley, Dremo, Wurld, Zlatan, Popcaan, British singer; Summer Walker and also American rappers; Gunna & A Boogie With Tha Hoodie. Davido shared a little word a bout the creation of the album on his Instagram page as he prepares everyone for “A Good Time.” He wrote; “It’s been a journey to get to this point and I am so grateful to God and everyone who has contributed to my success. This album was recorded between Lagos, Atlanta, Accra, London and Los Angeles and I had the best time of my life creating it. To all the producers, songwriters, engineers and featured artistes I am eternally grateful to you guys for working with me.
November 22nd we let the world know why it’s “A Good Time”. LETS FUCKING GO !!!!!!”   #Repost @davidoofficial • • • • • • It’s been a journey to get to this point and I am so grateful to God and everyone who has contributed to my success. This album was recorded between Lagos, Atlanta, Accra, London and Los Angeles and I had the best time of my life creating it. To all the producers, songwriters, engineers and featured artistes I am eternally grateful to you guys for working with me. November 22nd we let the world know why it’s “A Good Time”. LETS FUCKING GO !!!!!! A post shared by  TooXclusive (@tooxclusive_com) on Nov 16, 2019 at 8:47am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Davido Finally Unveils Tracklist For Forthcoming Album; “A Good Time” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Ycee has unveiled the cover art and tracklist to his much anticipated debut album; “Ycee VS Zaheer.” The rapper/singer made this public via all his social media pages a few hours ago and also used that medium to thank fans for their support throughout his music journey. Ycee also revealed… October 16, 2019 In "Music/Video" Huncho Vibes album art One of the fastest-rising singers in the Nigerian music industry, Peruzzi, has announced his first studio album, Huncho Vibes, and music fans are already waiting in anticipation. The Majesty crooner has managed to build for himself a stellar record as a recording artist and songwriter. Peruzzi… October 10, 2019 In "Music/Video" Davido has finally announced the release date for his forthcoming sophomore album; “A Good Time.” The superstar singer announced last week that the album was already on Itunes for pre-order but did not announce the release date alongside. However, he finally announced the release date yesterday via hi social media… October 29, 2019 In "Music/Video"