Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has this evening taken to social media, to post a none-too-subtle message to any and all critics of his relationship with AFTV contributor Troopz. A surprising report, detailing unrest surrounding the recent decision of Unai Emery to name Aubameyang as Arsenal’s new captain, emerged earlier today. The reliable David Ornstein of the Athletic revealed that the Gabonese hitman being the man chosen to replace Granit Xhaka as Gunners skipper ‘divided opinion inside the North London club’. This came for a pair of reasons. First off, some feel as though Xhaka’s controversial actions at Crystal Palace late last month have seen the Swiss midfielder ‘thrown under the bus’, and too harshly punished. Secondly, Aubameyang’s relationship with AFTV (formerly known as Arsenal Fan TV) star ‘Troopz’, an individual never shy about expressing his displeasure regarding ongoings at the Emirates, has resulted in unrest within some circles of the club’s hierarchy. The capital giants’ new skipper is said to be close friends with Troopz, resulting in Aubameyang inviting the social media personality to make use of his executive box for Arsenal’s home games. David Ornstein added that the 30-year-old has been asked to stop engaging with Troopz. Aubameyang himself, though, was clearly left unimpressed by the Athletic’s report. In a post on his Instagram story a short time ago, the African drew attention to the ‘bulls**t’ surrounding his name, before definitively stating that ‘I talk with who I want, whenever I want’. The message in full, along with a screenshot of his original post, is showcased below: ‘I just arrived in Gabon and heared a lot of bullsh*ts. I talk with who I want whenever I want and if somebody’s not happy with… you already know,’ followed by a middle finger emoji.  Arsenal offer public vote of confidence to under-fire Unai Emery Arsenal’s Matteo Guendouzi replaces Blaise Matuidi in France squad Source: Great Goals Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s captaincy divides Gunners In his weekly Monday article for the Athletic, David Ornstein has looked into the latest problems surrounding Arsenal’s captaincy. In recent weeks Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has assumed the Arsenal armband after Granit Xhaka was demoted. Xhaka lost the captaincy following his substitution against Crystal Palace. On… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" James Benge of football.london has provided an update on Arsenal’s attempts to secure the long-term futures of star attackers Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. Arsenal fight back The Gunners welcomed Tottenham to the Emirates last Sunday evening, for a highly-anticipated derby showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings with their… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal want to reward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang with a bumper new deal as a reward for his consistent goalscoring form, claims The Daily Telegraph. Aubameyang has two years remaining on his current £200,000-a-week deal and was frequently linked with a move to Manchester United in the summer. The 30-year-old has been… August 20, 2019 In "News"