Newcastle have offered Granit Xhaka an escape route from Arsenal after his relationship with the fans broke down last week. It’s safe to say that it’s not been a great couple of weeks for Xhaka. The Swiss midfielder was named Arsenal captain over the summer but his reign was cut short this week. That came after Xhaka reportedly told the Gunners fans to ‘f*** off’ after they jeered him during a substitution. As a result of the fallout, Emery made the decision to strip Xhaka of the captaincy and award it to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. That has lead to reports suggesting Xhaka could leave Arsenal in the January window. Now, it looks as though Newcastle could be an option for him. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 01: Giovani Lo Celso of Tottenham Hotspur is challenged by Granit Xhaka of Arsenal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Tottenham Hotspur at Emirates Stadium on September 01, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) According to the Times, Newcastle are willing to offer Xhaka an escape route from the Emirates. Their report explains: ‘Steve Bruce is ready to offer the player a lifeline. The Newcastle manager is a big admirer and is keen to add a player of Xhaka’s experience to the heart of his midfield, having admitted that he would like more running power in that area.’ The report continues by explaining Newcastle would be unable to pay Xhaka’s £130,000-a-week wages but Bruce is open to a short-term deal. If the player was willing, Newcastle could offer to pay ‘a significant percentage’ of Xhaka’s wages to Arsenal in return for a short-term loan. With the 2020 European Championships just around the corner, regular playing time could appeal to the midfielder. Though, it remains to be seen whether Xhaka will leave Arsenal or if he would be willing to join Newcastle anyway.   Message to the fans; A post shared by  Granit Xhaka (@granitxhaka) on Oct 31, 2019 at 12:20pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Tottenham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Leicester City vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Xhaka vs Crystal Palace Arsenal’s Granit Xhaka has on Thursday evening issued a message to Arsenal fans. The Swiss midfielder was subbed off 61 minutes into Arsenal’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace last Sunday. In the midst of walking off the pitch vs Palace, Xhaka was met with boos from… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka stripped of Arsenal captaincy The last couple of weeks have not been the most jubilant for Granit Xhaka. The Swiss international was booed off by some of the Arsenal faithful as he walked off the pitch during the Gunner’s 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace. Xhaka responded by cupping his… November 8, 2019 In "Sports" Xhaka’s response Granit Xhaka has responded to his and Arsenal’s critics following their draw against north London rivals Tottenham at the weekend. The Gunners came up against their rivals on Super Sunday and the game certainly didn’t start the way they would have hoped. Tottenham took the lead through Christian… September 4, 2019 In "Sports"