Chelsea star N’Golo Kante has today opened up on knocking back the interest of Ligue 1 giants PSG, to remain in London. Kante, who arrived at Stamford Bridge from Leicester City in the summer of 2016, has proven an absolute revelation since making the move to the Premier League from Caen the year prior. After playing a starring role for the Foxes on their way to securing a shock English top-flight crown during his debut campaign with the club, Kante was sought out by a number of Europe’s top clubs, with the likes of Manchester United, PSG and Juventus having all been linked with moves for the diminutive Frenchman. However, in the end, it was Chelsea who opted to splash out the required £32 million to coax Kante away from the King Power Stadium, a fee which, in hindsight, has proven an absolute bargain. The 28-year-old has gone from strength to strength since his move to the English capital, racking up both the Premier League Player and Players’ Player of the Year awards for the 2016/17 season, as he secured his second league title in his first two seasons in England. WOLVERHAMPTON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 05: N’golo Kante of Chelsea battles for possession with Romain Saiss of Wolverhampton Wanderers during the Premier League match between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Chelsea FC at Molineux on December 5, 2018 in Wolverhampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) Kante, now in his 4th campaign as a Chelsea player, remains a crucial member of the club’s midfield setup, despite persistent injury problems of late. The World Cup winner even found the net versus Premier League champions Manchester City over the weekend, albeit in a defeat. Chelsea, though, could very easily have seen their midfield dynamo depart last summer, had Kante opted to pursue a return to his home country. Speaking in an interview with Canal+ earlier today, the Frenchman was drawn on the past interest of PSG in his services. And Kante went on to admit that the Ligue 1 champions did in fact move for his signature, only for the 28-year-old to rebuff the opportunity, in favour of remaining at Stamford Bridge: ‘Sometimes you don’t really know where you want to go, but you know what you already have.’ ‘I knew I was at Chelsea and I felt good at Chelsea. On top of that, it was a footballing decision.’ ‘I felt good in London and I felt happy in this project and therefore I am happy to stay here.’ Quotes via Yahoo Man City boss Pep Guardiola labels Chelsea ‘an incredible team’ Tottenham vs Olympiacos betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Shakhtar Donetsk betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Napoli betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals