The superstar joins the likes of Davido, Yemi Alade, Diamond Plantnumz and a few other superstars who have gotten one million people to follow them on the digital video streaming platform. Wizkid is one of the biggest African players in terms of streams for music videos on YouTube and it’s been long expected that the talented music act cross-over to the one million club. Wizkid’s presence at Tanzanian singer; Diamond Plantnumz’s “Wasafi” concert yesterday could probably have played a role in Wizkid’s newest YouTube achievement as he could have gotten some of Diamond’s fans to dash to his page and subscribe to see more of his musical contents. N.B: Diamond Plantnumz is the African artiste with the most subscribers.   StarboyTV has hit 1 million subscribers on YouTube! Subscribe to the channel if you haven’t! ? #WeMove ?: @phizzytainment A post shared by  Wizkid News (@wizkidnews) on Nov 11, 2019 at 5:48am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Wizkid Finally Joins The ‘Millionaires’ Club; Hits 1 Million YouTube Subscribers appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Wizkid is arguably Africa’s biggest artiste with loads of hit songs released and spread all across the continent. The biggest challenge anyone could ever have regarding Wizkid’s music career is trying to count the number of hits songs he’s released or even identify them. His hit songs are numerous and… September 19, 2019 In "Music/Video" Wizkid Wizkid has won himself enough loyalty and respect that his Nigerian fans have commenced a Grammy nominations campaign for him especially after he delivered excellently on Beyoncé’s ‘Lion King: The Gift’ album. Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun known professionally as Wizkid chose music when he was just 11 years of age.… July 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" by Wilfred Okiche   To watch the video of Wizkid’s epoch-making performance to a sold out, racially diverse audience at London’s 5,272 capacity Royal Albert Hall is to be proud of the twenty-seven-year-old. Long in the habit of making Nigerians proud – the Billboard number one, the bromance with Chris… October 8, 2017 In "News"