West Ham travel to Chelsea this coming Saturday as they look to put an end to their dismal run of form. The Hammers have failed to garner a single victory in their last seven Premier League outings. This has put West Ham down to a rather embarrassing 17th in the table, three points adrift of the relegation zone. Granted, the loss of West Ham’s main shot-stopper Lukas Fabianski was a huge blow for them, though they can’t really blame all seven losses on the less than expert goalkeeping skills of Roberto. As for Chelsea, their emphatic run of form was halted by Manchester City last weekend. But even in defeat Chelsea still looked a real threat going forward and will likely cause a shaky West Ham backline an abundance of problems this weekend. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 09: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea gives his team instructions during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge on November 09, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Darren Walsh/Chelsea FC via Getty Images) Ahead of the clash with Chelsea, Manuel Pellegrini held his pre-match press conference on Thursday afternoon. During the presser, the Chilean gave a West Ham team news update. Pellegrini confirmed that Jack Wilshere is still dealing with a problem. But he is hopeful the midfielder can start working with the squad next week. The West Ham boss went on to state that Fabianski is still recovering from surgery while Manuel Lanzini needs at least one more month without any problems to his shoulder. Pellegrini also spoke about Winston Reid, claiming the defender will start working with West Ham’s senior side next week: “Jack Wilshere continues with some problem. I hope that next week he will start working with the squad. “Lukasz Fabianski continues with recovery from surgery. Manuel Lanzini just started working yesterday on the pitch but he needs at least one month more without any problems with his shoulder – he cannot have any contact so needs at least one month more. “Winston Reid is playing 90 minutes with the U23s, so next week he will start working with us. “The diagnosis of Fabianski is clear – after you have surgery, you need some amount of time to recover. We will see what the doctors say – the first date that was around was about Christmas, but we cannot give you an exact date.” As quoted by West Ham’ official website. See also: Chelsea vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Newcastle United vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions  Source: Great Goals