Reports in the English media this evening suggest that Manchester United predict that Scott McTominay could be sidelined for around a month, following the injury picked up by the midfielder during the club’s victory over Brighton. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men welcomed the Seagulls to Old Trafford yesterday afternoon, for a Premier League clash. United headed into proceedings hoping to bounce back from their last domestic outing, which saw them downed by a goal to nil at Bournemouth last weekend. The Red Devils had, though, looked much improved in a 3-0 win over FK Partizan during the week. And the hosts went on to follow up with another 3-goal haul versus Brighton, to make it 2 wins from their last 2 across all competitions. Strikes from Andreas Pereira and Marcus Rashford, either side of a Davy Propper own goal, eventually proved the difference between the sides. An otherwise positive afternoon’s work for United, though, was soured somewhat by a blow on the injury front. Scott McTominay was the player to have picked up the problem. With just minutes remaining in the clash, McTominay rolled his ankle, before being tended to by the hosts’ medical team. It quickly became evident that the Scot was in considerable pain, resulting in McTominay being carried down the tunnel at Old Trafford on a stretcher. McTominay heading down the tunnel on a stretcher. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) November 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And, as per an update courtesy of the Metro this evening, Manchester United are said to be fearful that their midfield all-rounder could be sidelined for around 4 weeks. Initial scans reportedly proved inconclusive, due to the heavy swelling around McTominay’s ankle. However, upon further examination, it is suspected that the Scot will be diagnosed with ankle ligament damage. This would come as a major blow for United, with McTominay having proven one of their star performers to this point in the campaign. Man United boss Solskjaer backs Harry Maguire to become long-term captain after Brighton Arsenal offer public vote of confidence to under-fire Unai Emery Source: Great Goals