Nathan Ferguson is a product of West Brom’s youth system. The 19-year-old has featured 43 times for West Brom’s under-23s. And despite only making his West Brom senior debut this season, Ferguson is already looking a top talent. The full-back has featured in 13 of the Baggies’ Championship games this season, scoring one and providing one assist. And while West Brom are flying high in the table,  the young Ferguson has been one of their standout stars this term. Slaven Bilic’s side are currently sat top of the Championship and have lost just one of their 16 league ties this campaign.   Happy to get back to winning ways today, great performance from the lads and happy to see @mainey10 get his first goal for the club #wba A post shared by  FERGIE (@nath.ferguson) on Oct 5, 2019 at 1:52pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js However, while Ferguson’s spell in West Brom’s first-team has only been brief, they could be set to lose him in the near future. The Daily Mail have reported that Ferguson, whose contract is set to expire in the summer, is wanted by Premier League pair Tottenham and Crystal Palace. With Ferguson’s contract expiring in June, the Mail claim West Brom fear they may have to cash in on the full-back in January to avoid losing him for minimal compensation next summer. Spurs are also said to have identified the West Brom man as a long-term solution to their right-back problem, as per the Mail. So far this campaign, Spurs have tried several different options at right-back with Serge Aurier their most prominent starter in that spot. However, the Ivorian has once again proved somewhat unreliable. So, if Spurs were to land Ferguson in the winter, there is probably a good chance he will get some minutes this season. See also: Northern Ireland vs Netherlands betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Azerbaijan vs Wales betting tips: UEFA Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals By James Agberebi: Super Eagles midfielder Wilfred Ndidi was in action for Leicester but his compatriot Ahmed Musa was benched as the Foxes beat West Bromwich Albion 7-6 on penalties after regulation time ended 1-1 in the first game of the 2017 Premier League Asia Trophy in Hong Kong on… July 19, 2017 In "Sports" Slaven Bilic has been appointed West Brom’s new head coach, according to Goal.com reports. The Croatian, who was in charge of West Ham in the Premier League from 2015 to 2017, has signed a two-year deal with the Baggies. West Brom missed out on promotion from the Championship after they… June 13, 2019 In "News" Nigeria defender Semi Ajayi put up another impressive performance for West Bromwich Albion who recorded a 2-1 away win against Luton Town on Saturday afternoon at the Kenilworth Road Stadium, reports Completesports.com. Ajayi who was in action for 90 minutes in the game has now featured in all of West… August 17, 2019 In "Sports"