It was another difficult weekend for Man United and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Man United failed to impress on Saturday in a 1-0 away defeat to Bournemouth. Josh King scored the only goal of the game against United. The result left United in 10th place with 13 points from 11 games. Moreover, the defeat again raised questions over Solskjaer’s ability to return United to former glories. Could Man United sack Solskjaer sooner rather than later? Solskjaer’s future was discussed in a Q&A session in The Athletic last weekend with German football expert Raphael Honigstein. Honigstein was asked if rumours linking Ralf Rangnick to Old Trafford were accurate. The reporter replied: I know for a fact that United are keeping very close tabs on him. Whether that suggests that OGS [Solskjaer] is soon gone is another thing, however. I get the sense that they’re more looking at him – and probably others – as a contingency right now. Last weekend, Nico Kovac lost his job at Bayern Munich. The final straw for Kovac came in the 5-1 defeat at Eintracht Frankfurt. On Monday, the Guardian revealed that Rangnick is one of the possible candidates to become the new Bayern boss: Ralf Rangnick, Erik ten Hag, Arséne Wenger and Max Allegri are on Bayern Munich’s list of candidates. Rangnick is the frontrunner for the job and is interested but he is under contract as the head of sport and development at Red Bull. It's an honour to be writing for the Guardian today https://t.co/2eFdJdgqpE — Christian Falk (@cfbayern) November 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Returning to Raphael Honigstein’s Q&A, the reporter also revealed his insight into Jadon Sancho’s future at Borussia Dortmund, and Man United’s battle with Liverpool to sign the English youngster. Sancho, 19, is under contract at BVB until 2022. However, Honigstein is confident that Dortmund will sell the teenager if the right offer comes in. He said: I’m pretty certain Dortmund will cash in – if the price is right. No one’s under any illusions. On Sancho’s next club, Honigstein noted that Man United and Liverpool are both in the running: Everyone’s interested in Sancho. Man (United) seem to have made him a priority but (Liverpool) will think carefully about him as well, I’m sure. Also see: Why David Silva will miss Liverpool & Man City’s plan B revealed in Southampton win Chelsea vs Ajax betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals