 Aurelien Boyer, the French husband of late Nigerian broadcaster Tosyn Bucknor who died exactly one year ago today, has written a touching tribute to his late wife. Tosyn Bucknor was found dead by her husband on a Monday night at the age of 37, and was buried on November 29 at Ikoyi cemetery. Aurelien took to his Instagram to write a touching poem in remembrance of his late wife. It’s just another day in my heart. It will be ten years,
It will be a hundred years,
It will be forever and a day.
It will be forever and I may,
I may want to talk to you,
I may want to find you, I may want to hold you.
I may want no one but you, And I know,
And I know, I can see you: near ?
And I know, I can feel you here !
And I know, I can hear you breathe.
And I know, I can rest, days and nights last. Days and nights last like one single season,
Days and nights last for no reason,
Round and round for whatever reason,
Beautiful circles of wait.
Beautiful quest that I can never waste. You showed me things I couldn’t see
You showed me things I still can’t see
You showed the one we cannot see. You died and I was born.
A second life. This one? It’s gone. It’s gone, I want to say sorry.
It’s gone. I want to repent dearly.
It’s gone ! I want to rewrite the whole story. I want to take us back to the end,
I want to back us till the end,
I want anything but not for you to end. It does not make sense
It cannot make sense
Has it ever made sense? Your love is better than love
Your touch is better than love
You brought God to me
You brought God for me
You talk about God to me
You bring about God for me
Your love for me, your acts make God have His way into me Tenses don’t matter.
Words, cries and shouts don’t matter
My heart speaks louder than any of the above
My heart speaks all of the above
My heart can never tell all of the above
My heart is full, fuller, fullest. And above, All and lust and fun
All and least and fast
All it last and all is gone
All is lost and all is found
I was lost and now I’m found Silly touches of green
Your favourite colour
Silly touches of white
Your favourite colour
Silly touches of green
I see you, I see the light *** to be continued… #tosynliveson #lostandfound The post Tosyn Bucknor’s Husband Remembers her with Touching Poem appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija