Will Ederson be fit for Man City at Anfield on Sunday? Man City take on Liverpool in a clash between the top two teams in the Premier League. A win for the Sky Blues would shrink Liverpool’s lead to three points. Alternatively, Liverpool can move nine points clear of City with a win. On Wednesday in the Champions League, Ederson exited Man City’s match at Atalanta with an injury. After the game, Pep Guardiola confirmed that Ederson sustained a muscular injury in the San Siro. At the same time, the Man City boss refused to rule his Brazilian keeper out of the Liverpool game. So will Ederson feature at Anfield? Right now that’s up in the air. If Ederson does miss out, Claudio Bravo is in line to start against the Reds. Liverpool forward Sadio Mane has reacted to claims from Pep Guardiola that he goes down too easily. Guardiola said: Sometimes he is diving, sometimes he has this talent to score incredible goals in the last minute. The Man City boss has since tried to walk back his Mane comment.   Pep Guardiola backtracks on his @sadiomaneofficiel diving claims and speaks of his admiration for the @liverpoolfc star 🤨 . . . . . . . . . .#city #liverpool #pep #klopp #mane A post shared by  HaytersTV (@hayterstv) on Nov 5, 2019 at 1:34pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Liverpool were in Champions League action on Tuesday night against Belgian side Genk. Following a 2-1 win, Mane was asked for his reaction to Pep’s comments. Sadio said: I think it’s a bit clever from him to get the attention of the referee but I will just play my football like I’m always doing. I don’t pay attention to what he’s saying because it’s part of football. It doesn’t make anything for me. Even though I saw him commenting about it, what he said, for me, I think it’s positive! The only thing I can say for sure is I will be ready for the team, to give everything possible, and to help my team. If it could be a penalty for sure I will ‘dive’ again. If the dive will give me a penalty then I will do it to get it back! Why not? But what Jurgen said is correct. I do not dive. Also see: Wolves vs Slovan Bratislava betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions. Manchester United vs Partizan betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals