Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process & Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. We are recruiting to fill the position below:

Job Title: Training and Development Manager Location: Lagos Job Brief Responsibilities Requirements Application Closing Date
30th November, 2019. The post Training and Development Manager at Lorache Group appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ LORACHE LIMITED is a marketing management, Human Capital development and Business Process & Strategist consultancy outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. LORACHE deals in sales and marketing consultancy and training organisation working across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market,… November 8, 2017 In "Jobs" Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process & Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically,… October 15, 2019 In "Gists" Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process & Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically,… October 15, 2019 In "Gists"