NEW YORK, NY – JUNE 25: Cardi B leaves her arraignment on two felony assault counts and other misdemeanors at Queens County Supreme Court June 25, 2019 in the Queens borough of New York City. Cardi B on Tuesday, pled not guilty to several charges from an alleged attack at a New York strip club in 2018. Reuters reports that Cardi is facing two felony charges for attempted assault with intent to cause serious physical injury. She was also charged with various misdemeanors, including reckless endangerment and violations, including harassment. Cardi is facing 12 charges in all. NEW YORK, NY – June 25: Cardi B departs from court after being arraigned on misdemeanor assault charges at the Queens Criminal Court on June 25, 2019 in New York City. A grand jury had last Friday indicted Cardi B based on the charges after she rejected a plea deal back in April. Two bartenders at the strip club alleged that Cardi B ordered her associates to attack them with bottles and chairs. Cardi’s lawyers have said they’re not aware of any evidence showing Cardi caused anyone harm. NEW YORK, NY – JUNE 25: Cardi B leaves her arraignment on two felony assault counts and other misdemeanors at Queens County Supreme Court June 25, 2019 in the Queens borough of New York City. Photo Credit: Anthony DelMundo-Pool/Getty Images | David Dee Delgado/Getty Images The post Cardi B arraigned, pleads Not Guilty to Felony Assault Charges appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija The “Money” crooner, Cardi B has been indicted on a 14 charge which also includes two felonies for a fight in which she was involved in August 2018. According to reports, the singer ordered an attack on two bartenders at the strip club which resulted in physical injuries. Initially, Cardi… June 22, 2019 In "Gists" If you haven’t seen her dramatic videos on social media, heard any news of her ground-breaking records or even caught up on the Bodak Yellow craze, then you’re probably existing in a different space.  Her breakthrough single Bodak Yellow is arguably the biggest hip-hop record of 2017. Two weeks ago,… October 5, 2017 In "News" The feud between American rappers,Â Nicki MinajÂ and Cardi B, may be far from over, especially with Nicki’s recent antics. READ:Â Cardi B Charged With Endangerment And Assault, Turns Herself In Minaj in an ‘apparent move’ to share Cardi has hired the bartender sisters who accused the Bodak Yellow singer of causing a… December 1, 2018 In "News"