Communications agencies are known for helping companies drive sales; one agency is using tactics usually reserved for commercial campaigns to create real social impact. On Thursday, June 20th, 2019, Ybr announced it was starting a division within the agency that focuses solely on social impact marketing. Ybr made the announcement at a symposium in Abuja during which the agency shared learnings about creating effective social impact campaigns. Suzanne Ushie – Senior Copywriter – Yellow Brick Road; Nnenna Onyewuchi – Director of Strategy – Yellow Brick Road; Kaliko Olowole – Managing Director – Yellow Brick Road; Muna Anazodo – GM, Social Impact Marketing – Yellow Brick Road; Mansir Nasir – Senior Communications Officer – World Bank (Former Output Lead – Communications at Voices For Change) and Caroline Enye – Independent Consultant (Former Team Lead at Voices For Change) during the workshop on ‘Marketing Approach for Behaviour change in Abuja recently. Muna Anazodo, GM of the new practice group, said We believe that communications can be a powerful way to change society. With the very real social challenges we face as a country, this new practice group allows us to take the approach we usually use to sell products into the developing world in order to drive real, sustained social change. In an increasingly complex and noisy world, it takes truly disruptive strategy and creativity to cut through and reach people in a way that actually makes them change their beliefs and behaviour.  A cross section of participants at the event tagged ”Marketing Approach for Behaviour change in Abuja recently. During the symposium, the agency shared insights gleaned through experience working with a number of development agencies and charitable foundations including Unicef, Voices4Change, Girl Effect, Mtn Foundation, Oando Foundation and more. The event was attended by local and international organizations working in the area of social change, including ActionAid, Save the Children, Who, the African Development Bank, Dangote Foundation, Sfh, Mercycorps, USAID, and British Council.  Kaliko Olowole – Managing Director – Yellow Brick Road giving his presentation at the workshop on ‘Marketing Approach for Behaviour change in Abuja recently. For further information, please contact Kaliko Olowole at kaliko@yellowbrickoad.com.ng or Nnenna Onyewuchi at Naylove@yellowbrickroad.com.ng —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored content The post Ybr is starting a Division that Focuses on Social Impact Marketing appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija