Camidoh – The Way (prod. Kitoko Sound) Grind Don’t Stop Records’ signee Camidoh is out with another Hot tune titled “THE WAY“. This song is definitely something for Summer and believe you me, it is the type of music that will get you nodding hard or up on your feet dancing. Download, enjoy & share. FOLLOW CAMIDOH :
InstaGram : @CAMIDOH
FaceBook : RAPHAEL CAMIDOH
TWITTER : @CAMIDOH
SnapChat: FINGERSCAMIDOH DOWNLOAD AUDIO/MP3  Oh na na na na Eei yeah See i fit to kill my self for you oh baby yeah Eei Even if i no get money i go rob bank oh baby yeah See I fit to kill my self for you oh baby yeah Ah Even if i no get money i go rob bank oh  Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you dance oh ooo Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you wind oh oo yeah  Baby no slow down in winding it for me Baby no slow down in winding it for daddy I sabi the dj so the music dey replay I sabi the djs oh oo  Eei Body nuye gam nti don’t go far give it to me kpa kpa kpa kpa Eei Body nuye gam nti don’t go slow give it to me ka ka ka ka Eei Body nuye gam nti don’t go far give it to me kpa kpa kpa kpa Eei Body nuye gam nti don’t go slow give it to me ka ka ka ka  Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody  Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you dance oh ooo Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you wind oh oo   Wind like you no get head Wind like you no get matter Wind like you no get problem no wahala Wind like you no get head Wind like you no get matter Wind like you no get problem no wahala oh  Wind like shakira I go take you to ibiza I no dey play maradona Anything i say na true  yh Wind like shakira I go take you to ibiza I no dey play maradona Anything i say na true  yh  I see the way you killing the party yh I see the way you feeling the party oh You man from all the parts of the world To steady calling you You get attention oh baby girl you get attention oh Me I want your attention Oh baby girl i want your attention oh ooo  Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you dance oh ooo Aaah the way you wind you kill the party The way you wind oh oo yeah  Elele lelele oh eee Yeah oh eee Elele lelelele oh Yeah oh yeah  Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody  Aaah the way you wind Aaah the way you wind  Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody Dance and no dey watch nobody And no dey watch nobody The post Camidoh – The Way (prod. Kitoko Sound) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay STREAM/DOWNLOAD MP3 Rema – “Lady Lyrics“ Intro; Another Banger Burssbrain o Burssbrian o yeah Banger o banger o yeah Rema o Rema o yeah Yeah The moment I see you na up NEPA o Lady Ooo my Lady Oo Oo woah This your body go cause yakpa o yeah Baby… October 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" Mr Eazi – Supernova (Prod. E-Kelly) Overview of Mr Eazi – Supernova (Prod. E-Kelly) Banku Music head huncho – Mr Eazi, unlocks brand new single which he titled “Supernova“. Mr Eazi is having a wonderful year already, from performing at Coachella (one of the biggest music concerts in America) to… June 27, 2019 In "Music/Video" Bizzouch X L.A.X – Gbewa Overview of Bizzouch X L.A.X – Gbewa Rasaki Music bloods – Bizzouch and L.A.X comes through with a brand new single entitled “Gbewa“. Bizzouch is Rasaki Music Group in-house producer, he has produced a few hits for the big boys in the industry and will… June 28, 2019 In "Music/Video"