 Police arrested the publisher of one of the most widely read newspapers in Indian-controlled Kashmir in a midnight raid over a decades-old case, the police and his brother said on Tuesday, highlighting the difficulties facing media in the region, According to Voanews.com. Tension has run high in the Himalayan region since more than 40 Indian police were killed in a February suicide car bomb attack by a militant group based in Pakistan. Muslim-majority Kashmir is at the heart of more than seven decades of hostility between nuclear archrivals India and Pakistan. Each claims it in full but rules only a part. Ghulam Jeelani Qadri, 62, a journalist and the publisher of the Urdu-language newspaper Daily Afaaq, was arrested at his home in the region’s main city of Srinagar, half an hour before midnight on Monday. “It is harassment,” his brother, Mohammad Morifat Qadri, told Reuters. “Why is a 1993 arrest warrant executed today? And why against him only?” Qadri was released on bail after a court appearance on Tuesday. The case dates from 1990, when Qadri was one of nine journalists to publish a statement by a militant group fighting against Indian rule in Kashmir. An arrest warrant for Qadri was issued in 1993, but it was never served. Qadri had visited the police station involved in the arrest multiple times since the warrant was issued, most recently in 2017 to apply for a passport, his brother added.
Asked why Qadri was arrested at night, Srinagar police chief Haseeb Mughal told Reuters, “Police were busy during the day.” The Kashmir Union of Working Journalists condemned the arrest, saying it seemed to be aimed at muzzling the press. “Qadri was attending the office on a daily basis and there was absolutely no need for carrying out a midnight raid at his residence,” it said in a statement. Journalists in Kashmir find themselves caught in the crossfire between the Indian government and militant groups battling for independence. Both sides are stepping up efforts to control the flow of information, with the situation at its worst in decades, dozens of journalists have told Reuters. India is one of the world’s worst places to be a journalist, ranked 138th among 180 countries on the press freedom index of international monitor Reporters Without Borders, with conditions in Kashmir cited as a key reason. The post Police Arrest Newspaper Publisher In Midnight Raid In Kashmir  Source: Independent Tensions between Pakistan and India over the dispute region of Kashmir on Monday flared once again after forces traded fire, leaving seven people dead – some of the highest fatalities since hostilities between the rival powers renewed in February, according to Alaraby.co.uk reports. Three Pakistani soldiers, a Pakistani villager, an… April 2, 2019 In "News" Indian forces have detained 23 men suspected of links to the Pakistan-based militant group that masterminded the bombing of an Indian security convoy that killed 44 paramilitary police, a top police official said on Sunday. The 23 men included members and sympathizers of Jaish-e-Mohammad, the militant group which has claimed… February 18, 2019 In "News" Chief Justice Saqib Nisar said the ban was justified as India was damming rivers that flow into Pakistan. Pakistan says the dams are being used against it as a weapon, a claim India denies. Indian television and films are popular in Pakistan, but the country has banned them before in… October 28, 2018 In "News"