 LAGOS – The need for Nigerian Christians to see themselves as solutions to the problems bedeviling the country and take up the challenge of building the nation was the focal point of the gathering of Christian leaders under the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Lagos State Chapter, in commemoration of June 12 at Vineyard Christian Centre, Isolo. At the summit tagged, ‘National Unity and Development, The Role Of The Church’, organised by PFN, Lagos Directorate, Social Security Outreach/Inter-Governmental Relations (SSO/IGR), foremost Christian leaders bemoaned the rate at which Christians were allowing denominational differences separate them. The leaders, who noted that the motto of the apex Christian body, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), bordered on love and unity after the order of Jesus Christ, insisted that denominational prejudice won’t take the church anywhere. In his address, Apostle Alexander Bamgbola, Lagos State Chairman of CAN, outlined conditions necessary for the church to meet up her role in nation building. According to him, the church must be pure, must be the true light, and must be orderly and united. “The Lord sent us to occupy; if we refuse to occupy, we will be occupied. The crucial role that the church must play is to be the true light and true salt. “The church must be pure and must be the true light to play any significant role. God does not answer prayers of divided tongues which amount to noise. “Christianity is righteousness and holiness. All of us must be prepared; first of all, we must surrender ourselves to love, we must be devoid of evil,” Bamgbola stated. Continuing, he said: “The church in Nigeria is so unruly…until the church in Nigeria becomes the Church of Christ, her role in building unity will be insignificant.” Bishop Sola Ore, the Lagos State Chairman of PFN, in his goodwill message, stressed that the church has a divine mandate to liberate the nation. “The church is the solution to the problem of the nation. It is high time we came out of our shells. Some of us are too sentimental, we do not argue unbiasely,” he stated. Ore, thereby, cautioned the executive members of SSO/IGR not to soil their hands in the cause of working as the political arm of PFN, so as not to bring shame to the body of Christ. Rev. Enyinnaya Okwuonu, Vice Chairman of PFN, Lagos State, earlier in his welcome address, encouraged Christians “to participate in governance not just in politics.” On his part, Rev. Leke Akinola, the General Overseer of Upper Room Baptist Church, called on Christians to shun empire building and focus on building the body of Christ and the nation. “If Christians can come together, we can change the situation of this country. We are doctrinally divided as everyone is concerned with his or her own empire. “As long as we are fighting ourselves, as long as we allow doctrine and money to divide us, we are not going anywhere. The bible is not divided; the Holy Spirit is not divided. We need to start from the top by firstly seeking the kingdom of God and not self,” he stated. Archbishop Osa Oni, General Overseer of Vineyard Christian Centre, regretted the plunging of the church in the water of tribalism. “Unity is a great catalyst that can provoke all-round development. If the church comes together, there is no height we cannot get to. The unity of the church should go beyond the four walls of the church,” Oni stated. He called on the elders and leaders to strive to leave godly legacy for the upcoming generation, adding that charisma could pave a way to the top but integrity would be the sustaining factor. In his charge, Rev. Oladimeji Guruje-Thompson, the General Overseer of Living Waters Unlimited Church, lamented the disregard to human lives by the Nigerian Government. The author of ‘The Kingdom Gospel’s Solution To The Boko-Haram War’ charged Christians to sharpen their spiritual weapon of warfare in order to prevent war. Hence, he voiced, “The greatest mistake is to allow religious war in Nigeria; it is starting but being curtailed.” Presenting his speech, Bishop Theophilus Ajose, Director of SSO/IGR, maintained that the church would not be used as ‘rubber stamp’ by the nation’s political class. Hinting that the directorate was set to train Christians on political matters through the Centre for Christian Democratic Studies, he beckoned on church leaders to release members who have interest in governance in order “to ensure the church takes her rightful place in the political destiny of Nigeria.” The post CAN, PFN Charge Christians To Be Solutions To Nigeria’s Problems  Source: Independent