 US President Donald Trump has signed off “hard-hitting” sanctions against Iran which he says will target the country’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. The moves comes amid escalating tensions between the two countries after Tehran shot down an American drone last week. Speaking in the Oval Office at the White House, Mr Trump said he was signing an executive order to impose fresh financial sanctions due to Iran’s “increasingly provocative actions”. The president said Iran’s supreme leader was responsible for “the hostile conduct of the regime” and the sanctions will deny him and his office “access to key financial resources and support”. “Never can Iran have a nuclear weapon,” Mr Trump said. “They are the number one sponsor of terror anywhere in the world.” He added: “We do not seek conflict with Iran or any other country. I look forward to the day when sanctions can finally be lifted and Iran can become a peaceful, prosperous and productive nation.” US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said the new sanctions will lock up billions of additional dollars in Iranian assets. However Russia has said it will counter the sanctions – which have been branded “illegal” by Moscow – and called for dialogue between the US and Iran. Mr Trump initially told reporters the sanctions were in response to the shooting down of the $100m unmanned US drone over the Strait of Hormuz, but later claimed they would have been imposed regardless of the incident The post Donald Trump Signs Off Sanctions Targeting Iran’s Supreme Leader Source: Independent LEADERSHIP : US President Donald Trump has said he is imposing hard-hitting new sanctions on Iran, including on the office of the country’s Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei. Mr Trump said the additional sanctions were in response to the shooting down of a US drone and “many other things”. He added… June 24, 2019 In "News" Iranian pro-government supporters march during the funeral of a young member of the Revolutionary Guards, Sajjad Shahsanai, in the city of Najafabad, west of Isfahan, on January 3, 2018. A fifth night of unrest Monday to Tuesday saw six protesters killed during an attack on a police station in Qahderijan… January 3, 2018 In "News" Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting at his office in Jerusalem, on October 28, 2018. (Photo by Oded Balilty / POOL / AFP)Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Saturday hailed US leader Donald Trump for reimposing sanctions against mutual foe Iran, ahead of a fresh round… November 3, 2018 In "News"