 An Italian mob boss, who had been imprisoned in Uruguay since 2017, escaped from jail overnight as he was waiting to be extradited back to Italy, the South American country’s interior ministry said on Monday, According to Globalnews.ca. Rocco Morabito had been the most wanted fugitive member of the Calabrian ‘Ndrangheta, Italy’s most powerful organized crime group and one of Europe’s biggest importers of South American cocaine. Dubbed the “cocaine king of Milan,” the 52-year-old Morabito had been arrested after more than two decades on the run from convictions for Mafia association, drug trafficking and other serious crimes. Uruguay’s interior ministry said in a statement that Morabito and three others had escaped late at night through the roof of the former Carcel Central prison – now called a national rehabilitation center – onto an adjoining building. “It is disconcerting and serious that a criminal like Rocco Morabito, boss of the ‘Ndrangheta, managed to escape from a jail in Uruguay while he was waiting to be extradited to Italy,” Italian Interior Minister Matteo Salvini said. “I make two commitments, First: to shed light on evasion procedures, asking for immediate explanations from the Montevideo government. Second: we will continue to hunt down Morabito, wherever he is, to throw him in jail as he deserves.” The post Italian ‘Cocaine King’ Makes Daring Nighttime Rooftop Escape  Source: Independent Hundreds of police in Germany, Italy, Belgium and the Netherlands have arrested at least 84 suspected mobsters and seized around â‚¬2 million (Â£1.7 million) in raids targeting a powerful branch of the Italian mafia. The massive operation was the biggest of its kind in Europe and the culmination of an… December 5, 2018 In "News" The Coast Guard is in the Pacific trying to track down and stop drug traffickers, but there's a gap between what they can see and what they can stop. The Coast Guard has partnered with other agencies and countries to track down illegal drugs in the open ocean. In recent… November 20, 2018 In "News" Italy’s interior minister has voiced concern that the Mafia could influence the country’s general election on March 4. There is a “concrete risk of the mafia influencing free choice,” Marco Minniti said during an event held by the anti-Mafia parliamentary commission. “It is a threat to the most important thing… February 23, 2018 In "News"