 The consistency of Burna Boy as an Afrobeat act since 2018 has been massive. Last year, the artiste dropped a couple of singles including ‘Gbona’ and ‘Ye’, both went on to become hits. The singles paved the way for other international collaboration. In the same year, he also released an album titled ‘Outside,’ and received a plaque from Academy Music Group for a sold-out and safe concert, adding an MVP SoundCity Award to his list of laudable achievements. The singer also enjoyed a couple of successful sold-out concerts including the ‘Life on the Outside US tour which saw him visiting eight cities in America and the UK version where he performed in a sold-out concert at the o2 Arena, Brixton. He also signed an endorsement deal that saw him become the ambassador of Star Beer. A successful artiste locally, Burna Boy got the opportunity to affirm his place in the international music scene when he was nominated in the 2019 BET award. Nominated alongside other artistes including Dave, Dosseh, Giggs, Aya Nakaruma, the Gbona singer confirmed his place in the global music scene when he picked the award for Best International Act at the 2019 edition of the BET Awards. The post Burna Boy Affirms International Recognition  Source: Independent This year (2018) has without a single doubt been a remarkable one for Nigerian music. New boundaries were broken, envelopes were pushed, ceilings were shattered, and doors were opened for generations behind. Whether it was bringing to life a wondrous rollout plan, putting out records that brought joy to our… December 17, 2018 In "News" After hosting a successful headline concert at the 02 Arena in London, It was for sure that Afro-Fusion singer, Burna Boy was going to host a Lagos edition to mark the end of his successful outing in 2018 – arguably the best year of his career so far. When he… December 27, 2018 In "News" Â  Whether or not you agree with all the wins at the 2019 Soundcity MVP, you just have to agree that it was a great spectacle. From back to back performances by some of the hottest names in Africa music to the epic acceptance speeches of Bose Ogulu, Burna boy’s… January 7, 2019 In "News"