 LAGOS – Mr. Emmanuel Ogebe, a Nigerian lawyer based in the United States, has condemned the alleged persecution of Justice Elizabeth Karatu by Governor Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State. In a petition sent to the US Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, Ogebe highlighted alleged pattern and history of discrimination against judges on religious grounds in Northern Nigeria. Ogebe recounted that Karatu was fired by Governor Bagudu following her protest to the National Judicial Council (NJC) over his (Bagudu’s) alleged refusal to swear her in as Chief Justice on the ground of her religious identity as a Christian. Asserting that Bagudu violated the constitution, Ogebe called for his sanction by the United States. In a mail sent to SUNDAY INDEPENDENT with supposed exhibits attached, Ogebe stated, “The Honorable Justice Elizabeth Karatu has been the acting Chief Judge of Kebbi State since 2018. She was supposed to be confirmed as Chief Judge pursuant to the Federal Constitution being the most senior judicial official. “Per our attachment (Exhibit A) the Kebbi State legislature notified the Kebbi State Governor, Atiku Bagudu, that they had voted to confirm Justice Elizabeth Karatu as the state Chief Judge after her nomination by the National Judicial Council (NJC). “However when she protested to the NJC that Governor Bagudu refused to swear her in as CJ, she was fired by Governor Bagudu in violation of the constitution.” Continuing, Ogebe stated: “She was summarily fired with ignominy literally weeks to her retirement due date in July. This underscores the extreme prejudice shown to her.” Calling for sanction, he requested that the US bans Governor Atiku Bagudu and all officials of Kebbi State from (entering) the US. He, however, urged the US Government to “invite the Government of Nigeria to the Ministerial Advance Religious Freedom to address the multifarious violations of religious freedom ongoing in that country.” The post US-Based Nigerian Lawyer Seeks Justice For ‘Persecuted’ Christian Judge  Source: Independent