Every new week, there is a downpour of songs and Naija music videos. Some you might find interesting, others not so much. As you relax at home this weekend, trying not to think so much about tomorrow being Monday (oops, I reminded you), Notjustok is here to make your weekend more memorable. Should you have missed any new releases of Naija music videos or not knowing what’s interesting to watch, be rest assured that that is now history. We have carefully pieced together a list of Naija music videos that you should see before you enter the new week. You wouldn’t be exaggerating if you said Oxlade delivered the best hook on a rap song in 2018. Mamiwota is a musical fountain and the two acts – Blaqbonez and Oxlade – are generous enough to let us have a taste. The visuals for the song is thoroughly exciting and we cannot help but give kudos to the director, TG Omori. Ello Baby is an absolute banger. And what better way to complement a jam than with captivating visuals? When two top street rappers meet up there’s no way a banger won’t be produced. And because they want to give their audience the best a mesmerizing video followed suit for Onye Eze remix. The baba in the game, D’banj still got the sauce. You can tell how much he’s evolved and the music video for the single Shy is a testament to this. Anyone who knows music a little knows that Timaya is the king of dancehall in Nigeria. He’s one of the few OGs who still constantly provides us with hit songs. Just as the song motivates you to move your feet, the video magnifies the effect. 1da Banton is one of the few emerging acts making a name for himself in the industry. His sound is fresh and his style is unique. Farabale is a certified hit and it’s interesting that the music video makes you appreciate his craft more. Laye is a typical love song. In the video, the singer and his lover are goofy and it makes the crisp video more magnetic.      The post 7 Latest Exciting Naija Music Videos To Make Your Weekend Blissful appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay