 Tottenham Hotspur are reportedly battling Premier League rivals Arsenal for Real Madrid’s La Liga bench-warmer Dani Ceballos. Dani Ceballos is enthused by the prospect of working with Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham Hotspur as he prepares to secure a much-needed move away from Real Madrid, according to El Confidencial – surely putting pay to a potential move to Arsenal. Pochettino has established himself as a truly elite managerial talent during a five-year spell in North London, transforming Tottenham into one of Europe’s most feared sides while turning Harry Kane, Christian Eriksen and co into genuine world-class footballers. And Ceballos, a player with unlimited potential and staggering natural talent who for some reason finds himself outcasted under Zinedine Zidane in Madrid, apparently thinks that a move to Tottenham would be the best thing for his development. The former Real Betis playmaker has shone at the U21 European Championships, scoring a wondergoal against Italy and inspiring a 5-0 thrashing of Poland. El Desmarque claims that Spurs would be willing to pay £45 million to rescue him from his Bernabau nightmare. Tottenham apparently face a battle with local rivals Arsenal, according to AS, but Ceballos’ desire to play for Pochettino suggests that The Gunners might just be wasting their time. The post Dani Ceballos Wants To Play For Tottenham Source: Independent Arsenal have reportedly joined Tottenham in the race to sign Real Madrid midfielder, Dani Ceballos ahead of January’s transfer window. The English clubs are said to be interested in bringing the Spain international to England, Calcio Mercato reports. The 21-year-old joined the Los Blancos last summer from Real Betis and… December 4, 2017 In "News" Arsenal have three names in their shortlist lined up to replace Lucas Torreira should he make the move to AC Milan this summer – but there is a hitch. Arsenal are not in a strong position this transfer window after Unai Emery was handed a £45m transfer budget. The Spaniard… June 27, 2019 In "News" The star of the Euro Under-21 finals has just completed his €18m move to the capital but he is already one of the most controversial players in Spain Read More: Who is Dani Ceballos? The new Real Madrid starlet who called for 'Catalan dogs' to be bombed July 14, 2017 In "Sports"