 Fernando Torres singled out former teammate Steven Gerrard as the best player he has played with as he announced he will hang up his boots in August. The former Liverpool and Chelsea striker, who has been playing in Japan for Sagan Tosu since leaving Atletico Madrid last year, held a press conference in Tokyo to explain his decision to retire from the game after an 18-year career. The 35-year-old Spaniard said he wanted to leave football with a “clear conscience” and before he felt he could not carry on mentally or physically in the game he loves. “I have a high demand for myself,” he said. “I’ve always wanted to be honest and to perform at the level I think I should and I think the time I will not be able to perform at the level I ask for myself is not far away and I don’t want to arrive at the time that I am going on the pitch and I’m not enjoying it. “I want to put an end before that happens. Knowing my body and listening to my body, I think especially mentally that time is not far away and I want to finish my career in a good way before that happens.” Asked who had made the biggest impression during his career, the Spaniard, who played at Anfield between 2007-2011, did not hesitate to name his former captain. “I always say the best player I played with is Steven Gerrard. I found he was the player who completed my game. I think my level got into a different dimension when I was on the pitch with him. “It was an amazing three-and-a-half years playing alongside Steven and I would love to go back to those days – even for one minute.” Torres revealed he will play his last game on August 23 against Vissel Kobe, saying playing against friends Andres Iniesta and David Villa seemed a fitting end. “To say goodbye to football next to my dear friend Iniesta is something I could never imagine, and Japan is going to make it possible. “Also there will be my friend David Villa, with who I probably share the best moments in Spanish football history. “So to say goodbye to football next to two very good friends – we share too many memories together – will be something great. “I tried to find an iconic moment to play my final game and I think that is the perfect timing.” The post Fernando Torres Says Steven Gerrard ‘Best Player I Played With  Source: Independent