 In the Old Testament, God commanded His people to build altars which symbolised His presence. It was a separate place consecrated to worship and offer sacrifices unto God. Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and other prophets of God built altars for God and according to the scripture, before anyone could offer sacrifice to God, he must build an altar. According to observers, altars are not well pronounced in the New Testament like the Old Testament. Observers also believe that the heart of a Christian is his altar; therefore physical altars were not necessary in offering sacrifices of praise and worship to God. One of the pastors, who spoke on the issue, noted that when the spirit of God enters any congregation, He goes searching the hearts of every believer and not the physical altar. He said that the physical altar was just a separate place for the man of God to stand and declare the counsel of God. Recently, a 39-year old woman was reportedly accused of stripping naked and urinating on the altar after her pastor took her 15-year old son to the police station for vandalising church property. This report prompted SUNDAY INDEPENDENT to do a review of the significance of altars and also to sensitise Christians on how physical altars should be treated and respected.  Many preachers believe that as much as God’s altar is in the hearts of men, respect must be given to the physical altars consecrated for worship in churches and any place raised for same purpose. Pastor Paul Ndeobi, Senior Pastor of Straight Gate Church, in his view, said that altars were relevant in the Old Testament to communicate to God because the Holy Spirit had not been poured into the hearts of men. “In the Old Testament, God commanded them to build altars because the Holy Spirit had not been poured into the hearts of men. Then they make altars where the Ark of God was kept, which symbolised God’s presence. “Now in the New Testament, God has made us to be His dwelling place and that is why the Bible says that our body is the temple of God. “As humans, we usually have a place consecrated, where we can kneel down to call on God and receive answers to our prayers and also for ministers to preach; we ought to honour them because they are places where God’s word goes forth.” Speaking further on desecration of altars, the cleric said as much as God dwells in our hearts, physical altars must not be desecrated. “How will you feel if someone messes up a place where you always pray, and seek the face of God? Definitely you won’t be happy. You will want the place to be neat, and this is because that is the place you worship your God. “As much as God dwells in our hearts, the place we use for worship and where God’s word is preached should not be desecrated with unclean things.” Continuing, he said: “Human beings like to make religiosity out of everything; Jesus told us in John chapter 4 verses 23, ‘Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks’. “God hears prayers everywhere but where the pastor stands to preach, anointing flows from there to the people and because anointing flows from the place where the man of God stands, if the people are coming closer to the altar to pray, they are coming because of the anointing the man of God carries that is flowing from him to the altar and not that the altar has any power. “With faith, if you draw close to the altar and pray, God will answer the prayer fast. As children of God, whenever we decree the word of God, He honours it because we are the carrier of His presence,” he said. Bishop Emmanuel Udah, Senior Pastor of Peace And Joy International Ministry, in his view, also agreed that God dwells in the hearts of men and not altars built by men. “In the dispensation of Grace, God dwells in the altar of men’s heart rather than altars built by hands. “This was what the tearing of the temple veil symbolised at Christ crucifixion. “God no longer dwell in temples made by bricks and mortars. The Church (which is actually you) doesn’t need to go to church (temple) to serve God. But we go to a place of fellowship to worship and fellowship together and that fellowship can take place anywhere. “Wherever that happens among two and more, Jesus promised to be there with and among them. That’s what makes the difference,” he said. Continuing, he noted, “I no longer have to go to a Mountain or an altar to pray to God who lives and dwells in my heart before I get answers to my prayers. I know this is difficult for some mindsets to comprehend. “In the first Apostolic Church, church meetings were held in people’s homes without altars. If there’s a stage, platform or an altar in our chosen place of worship, it should be respected for what it is. It’s a secluded place for exclusive practitioners in that assembly. Not necessarily because God is more there than He is on the pew. “If anyone, in his or her right senses, chooses to urinate on it, he or she should be prosecuted for public disorder because such misbehaviour will not be tolerated in any public place anywhere in the world,” he said. Apostle Olufunmilade Michael Alabi, the Presiding Pastor of Apostolic Mandate Ministry, Ogba, in his view, said altar is not well pronounced in the New Testament and also not peculiar to Christianity. “Alter is not well pronounced in the New Testament; it is mostly used in the Old Testament. Altar is not peculiar to Christianity because even traditionalists, Hindus, and Muslims have altars. “It is a place where preachers stand to preach and to make known the counsel of God. Altars are also not peculiar to religions; we see podiums in conferences and stage for musicians; that place is their altar,” he said. Speaking further, he said: “In the church where a place is consecrated for a minister of God to stand and declare the mind of God, that place is just a place prepared for him to preach and not the altar as revealed to me by the Holy Spirit. “The altar is the heart of every human being seated in that congregation and not the place the pastor stands to preach. “When the spirit of God enters the place, He goes looking into the hearts of everyone in the congregation. “I am not going to dwell on the physical altars because I have seen a lot of things done on altars. Some altars are not good; I have seen in abroad where a pastor allowed his member to hide hard drugs on the altar, what of cases where pastors bury things under an altar for powers.” Alabi admonished men of God to teach their members to guard their hearts with all diligence because God dwells in their heart. “Ministers of the gospel need to tell their members that the place he is standing to preach is not the altar of God but their hearts. That is why God said that you should guard your heart with all diligence. “Somebody urinating on the altar is inconsequential, though we should not allow anybody to desecrate where a minister stands to declare the counsel of God. “As long as the man of God stands on the altar, the presence of God will be there and that place should not be polluted; it has to be respected. If anyone goes there to pollute the altar, the person has confronted God and not the pastor,” he said. Apostle David Elo described the action as a demonstration of insanity and perverseness. As he stated, “We are living in strange times where most people’s mind has been tempered with all kinds of teachings that open doors to demonic activities. “In the first place, if she is truly saved, she would have known that the altar is a place of power and divine exchange. But we must also get this clear that not all altars belong to God; by that, I mean we have both godly altars and evil altars dedicated to the devil. “That you call a place a church does not mean God is there; we have lots of churches today and not only in Nigeria that are dedicated to Satan. It is also possible for someone to be possessed by the devil to walk into a church and urinate on the altar. For a lady or even any person to walk into any church and urinate on the altar, then two things are responsible: the person is either insane or highly possessed.” Pastor Barnabas Utoili, Senior Pastor, Temples Rebuilders Ministry, in his view, said that the spirit of God dwells in the heart of every born again. “In the Old Testament, the altar of God was also known as the holy of holies. Then people didn’t have access to God. “If anyone is truly born again, the spirit of God will dwell in the person, and that is the real altar.” Speaking further on the physical altar, he said that anybody that is not born again should not be allowed to speak on the altar. “Politicians that are not born again and are not part of the church should not be allowed to stand on the altar; but if they are born again, they can climb the altar.” Corroborating what Pastor Utoili said, Pastor Tunde Elebute, the presiding pastor of International Faith Mission in Gbagada, Lagos, said after the death of Jesus, the veil of the holy of holies was torn into two, thereby, giving all access to God. “God, through His son, has made us priests and royalties; everybody now have access to pray and to worship God, but not to desecrate it. Anybody that has the mind of God will never want to desecrate or defile the altar anywhere. Speaking further, he said that the issue of altars been confined to pastors or clergies only started when the government got involved in the affairs of the church, dividing the church between the clergy and the laity. “From the beginning, it was not so; Jesus is the head of the church and we are all priests under him. The clergy and laity formation is the imagination of man. God expects all men to be holy because you must be holy to climb the altar of God. Normally, the altar is for all but the attitude of people can make you change your decision.” The post The Place Of Altar In Christendom  Source: Independent