Tribune Online
BREAKING: My husband is not a rapist — Modele Fatoyinbo Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo, wife of the global senior pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), on Sunday, ministering at the church service described the rape allegation against her husband as false. During her ministration which was broadcast to the congregation at the Lagos branch of the church in Ikeja, Lagos, Pastor Modele, who refuted the Busola Dikolo’s rape allegation against her husband, said, “Not even as an unbeliever will my husband rape someone.” However, there was a dramatic turn in her ministration flow as her husband, Pastor Biodun, dissuaded her from speaking further on the rape allegations, as earlier before now, he had reacted in a statement on Friday, saying the allegation against him was not true. “I have never in my life raped anybody even as an unbeliever and I am absolutely innocent of this,” Pastor Fatoyinbo said in a statement posted to his Instagram page. Dakolo, mother of three had, on Friday morning made a shocking revelation in a detailed interview with Chude Jideonwo, a lawyer and journalist on YNaija channel of how Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo raped her as a teenager. The viral video report has set social media and other online platforms on fire, evoking shock, backlash and criticism from Nigerians, especially the Christian community. The embattled preacher posted a statement on his IG page @biodunfatoyinbo denying the allegation, in a statement addressed from the ‘Office of the Senior Pastor’, Fatoyinbo described the allegation as false and baseless claim targeted at destroying his reputation and  that of his church. “I have never in my life raped anybody even as an unbeliever and I am absolutely innocent of this.” the statement reads in part. But on Sunday morning, people in different groups were mobilised to the the COZA church in Abuja and its Lagos branch to protest the rape allegation, chanting songs and carrying placards  with different inscriptions calling for the arrest and prosecution of the embattled pastor. BREAKING: My husband is not a rapist — Modele Fatoyinbo Source: Tribune Tribune Online BREAKING: Modele Fatoyinbo defends husband as groups protest rape allegation to COZA church Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo, wife of the global senior pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), on Sunday, ministering at the church service described the rape allegation against her husband as false. During her ministration… June 30, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online I’ve never raped anyone, Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo reacts to Busola Dakolo’s allegation The founder of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, says has never raped anyone in his life. He said this on Friday via a statement posted on his Instagram page, apparently reacting to… June 28, 2019 In "News" Wife to Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo has broken silence on the rape allegations by Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola againsther husband, who diubles as General Overseer of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA Busola, the wife of popular singer, Timi Dakolo had alleged that the COZA founder had forcefully raped her when she… June 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"