  Do you want to own your own business? Is lack of funds or lack of skill standing in the way of making your dreams come true? Are you a young Nigerian living in Abuja? Then you need to be at the AGIF “Youth on the Move” Skills Acquisition Training. Date: Monday, July 8th – Thursday, July 11th, 2019 The Alex & Grace Izinyon Foundation (AGIF) invites you to register for its youth training program designed to equip you with the skills you need to start your own business. The 4-day training will equip you with skills in; …..to get the ball rolling on your dream business Attendees will have access to amazing opportunities at the training that will definitely set them up for greatness. These include but are not limited to; Attendees will also have free lunch on each day while getting fed knowledge on how to start, maintain, sustain & grow a business in the skill set provided. There are only 50 slots available so you need to get registered now! Registration / Payment for training materials – Closes on Friday, July 5th, 2019
Early Registration: N1000 (Ends on Monday, July 1st, 2019)
Regular Fee: N1,500 (Tuesday, July 2nd – Friday, July 5th, 2019) Click this here link to register Pay into: Account name: Alex and Grace Izinyon Foundation
Bank name: Zenith Bank
Account number: 1015983320 With these skills; you can start your own makeup service/product, build a proudly Nigerian shoe brand, produce an organic oil production and cater to Nigeria’s biggest events. The world is yours for the taking. The question is – how badly do you want it? Don’t keep it to yourself, share with people you know will need this. For more information on this event, kindly visit @agi.foundation on Instagram , check website or call AGIF Programs on 09087586018. This content has been published for free as part of BellaNaija.com‘s commitment to youth, education, healthcare and community development as part of our corporate social responsibility programme The post Register for the AGIF ‘Youth on the Move’ Skills Acquisition Training | July 8th – 11th appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija