England manager Phil Neville has criticised the United States Soccer Federation (USSF) for breaching etiquette by sending officials to the Lionesses’ hotel in Lyon. The incident has come ahead of Tuesday’s FIFA Women’s World Cup semi-final match between England and the U.S. American team staff visited the England hotel while Neville’s side were training on Sunday. Reports had it that their aim was to assess the venue as possible accommodation if they beat England and reach the final. “The only thing I will say is it’s not something I’d want my team doing. It’s not something that England will do,” Neville told a news conference. “We’re happy with our hotel and we were just training. So, I hope they’re enjoying their hotel. But it’s not something we’d do, send someone round to another team’s hotel,” he said. Normal etiquette in tournament football is for the two teams to stay in separate accommodation and it is highly unusual for officials to step inside the opposition’s hotel. Neville suggested his U.S. counterpart, Jill Ellis, would not have approved of the move. “It’s their problem. I’m sure Jill won’t have been happy with that arrangement. I wouldn’t have been, if that was my team ops (operations) person going round and I’m sure she will be dealing with their own infrastructure with their own discipline,” he said. But in an earlier news conference, Ellis was asked if it was not “arrogant” for the U.S. to be planning a move into England’s accommodation. She was told it had been done with the presumption that they would win Tuesday’s game. Ellis had however said it was simply prudent planning. “You have to plan ahead. Arrogance has nothing to do with us, that’s planning preparation for our staff. I think that’s pretty normal,” she said Former Manchester United player Neville said the issue was mainly one of etiquette. “It’s not an unfair advantage, it has no bearing on the game. I actually found it quite funny. “I just thought ‘what are they doing?’ It’s not etiquette. It’s not something I would allow from our Organisation,” he said.(Reuters/NAN) The post FIFA WWC: England Coach Says U.S. Team Breached Etiquette With Hotel Visit appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Pulse Sports believe Abraham rejected Nigeria for England for these five reasons. Swansea striker Tammy Abraham has been given an England call-up ahead of their upcoming friendly games against Brazil and Germany. This puts to an end the speculations that might switch his allegiance to the country of his parents,… November 2, 2017 In "News" Cameroon face an inquiry and possible disciplinary action from soccer authorities after a series of incidents in their 3-0 defeat by England in the last 16 of the women’s World Cup on Sunday. Cameroon players furiously protested refereeing decisions and twice delayed the game while appearing to consider leaving the… June 24, 2019 In "News" Abuja – The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Wednesday in Abuja said a friendly match between the Super Eagles and England’s Three Lions would hold at the Wembley Stadium in London on June. Nigeria’s Kelechi Iheanacho (14) celebrates with teammates after scoring the team’s first goal during an international friendly… January 10, 2018 In "News"