 It was all over the news yesterday, a young man refused to give up his window seat for Nobel laureate Professor Wole Soyinka in a plane. The young man had gotten to his seat to find Soyinka there. According to Tonye Cole, who shared the details of the incident, the young man told Soyinka that the seat he was on is his and he wants to sit there. Well, Cole and a few others, including media mogul Mo Abudu faulted the young man for doing that. “So so sad. That young man will get what he truly deserves. That is definite!” Mo said as a comment under Cole’s post. Mo has now taken to Instagram to share an email she received from Soyinka concerning the incident. “Good morning beautiful people. It’s 6.30am here in Los Angeles. Quite a bit has been said about me making certain comments about the young man that refused to give up his seat for Professor Wole Soyinka.” she said in the Instagram post. She continued: “I will not comment further on this, however as you all know I LOVE and RESPECT Professor Wole Soyinka dearly. Based on this incident, I did receive an email from Professor Wole Soyinka this morning”. She then went ahead to share the email with Soyinka’s permission. See below: Hallo Mo, Someone sent me Patrick Tonye’s comment on the plane incident, and I saw your brief comment. It was a very minor thing and I’d forgotten all about it. However, after reading the boy’s response, I became curious. First, I never exchanged a word with him throughout beyond inviting him to take his allotted seat. Never spoke a word to him after that. Certainly never exchanged contact. So of course, I wonder if it’s the very individual  who’s posted this or a total fake. The phenomenon of stolen identities takes very strange dimensions and has become a source of worry. I wonder if this is one such. Any way of your finding out. I don’t operate in the social media as you probably recall. WS The post Mo Abudu shares Email from Wole Soyinka over Plane Incident appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija I remember seeing this thread by Twitter user @OmoGbajaBiamila over the weekend and just laughing endlessly. He shared how he boarded a flight and found a woman on his seat. He politely told her she was on his seat and she dismissively asked him to look for another. Let’s call… June 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" A lot of Nigerians have reacted to a story on Twitter which detailed how a young passenger traveling in the same aircraft with Nigeria’s foremost playwright and Nobel Laureate, Wole Soyinka asked him to vacate a window seat that he was occupying during a commercial flight. According to Tonye Cole… June 25, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tribune Online How young Nigerian ‘disrespected’ Prof Wole Soyinka — Billionaire Tonye Cole shares flight experience Nigerian oil mogul and billionaire, Mr Tonye Patrick Cole, has narrated his recent flight experience which was an encounter he witnessed between the Nobel Laureate, Prof Wole Soyinka, and a young Nigerian, who asked… June 24, 2019 In "News"