 Naby Keita faces missing Guinea’s must-win Africa Cup of Nations clash with Burundi. Liverpool midfielder Keita made his first start in two months when he started against Nigeria on Wednesday according to mirror.co.uk. That came after a substitute appearance in the 2-2 draw with Madagascar on Saturday – a first showing since playing for Liverpool against Barcelona in the Champions League on May 12. Keita lasted just 70 minutes in the 1-0 defeat to Nigeria, the ex-RB Leipzig star coming in for his fair share of brutal treatment in a physical encounter. Now he looks likely to miss the meeting in Cairo on Sunday, with Guinea calling out the Super Eagles for their robust style. “The victim of several blows against Nigeria, Naby Keita saw the doctor on Thursday,” said a statement from Guinea’s football federation. “Although there is no serious injury, Naby is very uncertain for the match against Burundi. He was left at the hotel to continue receiving treatment, while the rest of the squad trained on Friday.” Guinea need to win on Sunday to have any chance of advancing to the knockout stages. Keita had initially been ruled out of the tournament with the thigh injury he sustained in the first leg of the Reds’ Champions League semi-final clash against Barcelona on May 1. Guinea coach Paul Put claimed before the loss to Nigeria: “If Naby is 100 per cent ready, we will not hesitate to start with him but it depends on him too. “You know he had an injury. It was not known if he would participate in the Afcon. We’ve done everything to prepare Naby. “He trains at 200 per cent. I think he is physically ready. If he’s mentally ready, I think he’ll start the game.” The post Naby Keita Suffers Fresh Injury Blow At Africa Cup Of Nations Source: Independent Guinea midfielder, Naby Keita, has called on his teammates to put their 1-0 defeat to Nigeria behind, to focus on their last Group B match against Burundi. Kenneth Omeruo’s second-half header inflicted the Syli Stars with their first loss at the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations. Guinea have just one… June 27, 2019 In "News" Guinea star Naby Keita has linked up with his Syli Stars teammates in Marrakech, Morocco for their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations camping program, Completesports.com reports. The midfielder who copped a groin injury in his club, Liverpool’s Champions League clash against Barcelona in May however stated that he is not… June 11, 2019 In "Sports" Naby Keita is refusing to give up on the possibility of his country, Guinea making it to the last 16 of the 32nd Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt despite suffering a 1-0 loss to Nigeria on Wednesday, Completesports.com reports. Keita failed to spark Guinea’s Africa Cup of Nations campaign… June 27, 2019 In "Sports"