 Jay-Roy Grot will play for Vitesse Arnhem next season after Leeds United confirmed their second exit of the summer. The 21-year-old was first brought to Elland Road for an undisclosed fee in August 2017 from NEC Nijmegen and went on to make 23 appearances, with one Championship start according to leeds-live.co.uk. After a difficult first campaign, Grot was sent out on loan for the first time last summer, where a season of regular football followed with VVV-Venlo. Grot will return to Eredivisie for the full 2019/20 season with Vitesse, which is also his hometown club in the Netherlands. A club statement said: “Jay-Roy Grot has joined Eredivisie side Vitesse on a season long loan. “The powerful forward joined United from NEC in the summer of 2017 and enjoyed a spell at VVV-Venlo during the 2018/19 campaign, going on to make his Netherlands under-21 debut in November last year. “We wish Jay-Roy good luck for the upcoming season.” Grot’s exit follows Paudie O’Connor’s permanent departure for Bradford City. The post Jay-Roy Grot Exits Leeds United For Second Loan Spell In Netherlands  Source: Independent By James Agberebi: Nigerians Gbolahan Salami and Reuben Gabriel were on target for KuPS who defeated visiting HIFK 3-2 in the Finnish top flight on Sunday. Salami scored in the 76th minute to draw KuPS level at 2-2 before Gabriel scored the winner on 84 minutes. The goal was Salami’s… September 25, 2017 In "Sports" Nigerian forward Umar Sadiq has joined Serie B side, Perugia on a six months loan deal after his Glasgow Rangers spell was cut short reports Completesports.com. Sadiq becomes the second Nigerian at the club after Kingsley Micheal joined last summer from on a season loan from Bologna. The 21-year-old was… January 3, 2019 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Former Super Eagles striker Ikechukwu Uche was on target for Gimnastic de Terragona who won 3-1 at home against Albacete in the Spanish LaLiga 1/2/3 (second division) on Sunday, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. The goal was Uche’s first in the league for Gimnastic after four appearances. For Gimnastic, it… September 17, 2017 In "Sports"