 ACCESSING YOUR NEXT LEVELS BY AVOIDING THE LOVE OF MONEY BY Bishop David Oyedepo * One of the greatest enemy in ministry is the love of money 1 Tim 6:10-11. * Rom 8:28, 1 Cor 2:9 Every move of God is at a risk when money gets in the way Luke 22:35, Luke 10:7.
* Every project commanded by God enjoys Heaven budget for its execution Hag 2:8 * Mar 22nd 1982 (Located the key of Kingdom Prosperity) You don’t buy into anointing with money. You buy with a fast and a panting to access what that anointing carries * How Gehazi lost his place in ministry 2Kings 5:20-22. He got the goods and got the curse * The next phase is not in view for any money monger in ministry * It’s not merchandise. Go after God, goodness and mercy will keep following after you * When you access the secrets behind heaven’s supplies, you will stop running after people * People should be relaxed when they come to church, not apprehensive * People should not be tensed up when they come to church but experience true liberty * My prayer is that money things will not destroy your ministry * If God commanded it, He is committed to it. Whatever God commands, He is committed to it. * Hag 2:4, 6-8 From now, begin to enjoy the release of heaven budget * Don’t do anything in competition, don’t do anything to compare with someone else * Beware of the love of money, it draws men into destruction and perdition. Let the love of God take the love of money in your heart 1 Tim 6:11 and before you know it, you and God are working together to make things happen in that ministry. That is the way it works * Demarcate ministry resources from private resources. I have never lacked from my private resources. If you will not be faithful financially, you will not be fruitful financially. You’re answerable to God on how you deal with the resources at your disposal * You can’t write a cheque on church money for a suit to wear, you can’t write a cheque on church money for your children school fees, those are your private concerns. Yes, you have your pay. The offerings in church are not yours, they came to worship their God with it and for the purpose of the kingdom of their God; and so you are answerable to God on it * Zech 5:4 , Jer 17:11 God’s verdict for unjust access to riches. Your personal wellbeing is guaranteed as you serve the Lord in truth and deed Luke 10:7 1. 1 Tim 6:6 Contentment. Start from where you are. Anything you don’t appreciate, does not multiply * Be contented. I don’t price what I don’t have the means to acquire. Say with me: I shall be contented with godly contentment all the days of my life 2. Believe that life is in phases Mark 4:27-28. That is how life yields its returns. Enjoy where you are, He is taking you somewhere else. Starting from where we are is the gateway to the topmost top. Don’t despise the days of small things Zech 4:10. Inside those days, lies the great days ahead. Put your best into it. * Job 8:7 Everything big today, started small yesterday; everything great today, started little yesterday. There is nothing small that cannot become big and there is nothing big that cannot be bigger. Enjoy every stage with all excitement * You don’t play crooked to wear a crown * Lev 27:30. 10 percent applies to everyone and every system. * I decree an end to every form of financial tension in your life and ministry * Job 36:11 Every form of financial pressure is over in your life The post Bishop Oyedepo To Pastors: “Don’t Use Church Money To Fund Personal Lifestyle” appeared first on . Source: 36Ng