 TripleMG boss, Ubi Franklin has denied making the statement that he made 10 billion naira in 7 years. Ever Since Ubi Franklin publicly declared that he made 10billion naira in 7 years, there have been mixed reactions as many believe that there is no way he would have accumulated such an amount within a short period of time. However, upon seeing the negative reactions from the general public, Ubi took his Instagram page to rephrase his statement. According to him, he and his team actually transacted such amount within 8 years but did not say that 10 billion naira was his profit. He wrote “Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say about you and that’s life.
So stop worrying about what people will think and enjoy your life. Forget the pain of yesterday, appreciate the gift of today & stay optimistic about tomorrow. Watch my full interview with @businessdayng And learn. And yes in the last 8 years in all sectors we have transacted such amount and I did not say 10bn was profit. And if you doubt this, I can’t argue with you at all lol.”    Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say about you and that’s life. So stop worrying about what people will think and enjoy your life. Forget the pain of yesterday, appreciate the gift of today & stay optimistic about tomorrow. Watch my full interview with @businessdayng And learn. And yes in the last 8 years in all sectors we have transacted such amount and I did not say 10bn was profit. And if you doubt this, I can’t argue with you at all lol. A post shared by  Mr ubifranklintriplemg (@ubifranklintriplemg) on Jun 26, 2019 at 1:25am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post “I Did Not Make 10 Billion Naira In 7 Years” – Ubi Franklin Denies Making Such Statement appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Popular business man and music record label owner, Ubi Franklin, has declared that he made the sum of 10 billion naira in 7 years. The controversial Ubi, who was granted an interview on famous TV show, The Bridge, made the revelation to the presenter and the public while speaking on… June 26, 2019 In "Music/Video" CEO of Made Men Music Group, Business Man and Billionaire, Ubi Franklin revealed during his recent interview on TV that he has made 10 Billion Naira in 7 Years, also talks about his biggest money mistake. He also revealed that his biggest money mistake was his wedding. The successful entrepreneur… June 25, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" Controversial music executive; Ubi Franklin has spoken up about his financial regrets in recent times. In an interview with a TV show for BusinessDay, he said; ‘From 2012 till now, I have made over 10 billion but didn’t keep it because I didn’t have the financial discipline to know that… June 26, 2019 In "Gists"