 Neymar’s push to leave Paris Saint-Germain and return to Barcelona this summer continues. Two years after leaving Camp Nou for Paris in a world record £200million deal, the Brazilian superstar is desperate to return to La Liga according to mirror.co.uk. The 27-year-old has been linked with the Parc des Princes exit door seemingly ever since his arrival in Ligue 1, having originally joined in a move that aligned his own Ballon d’Or dream with PSG’s Champions League quest. Neither has happened in the intervening period however, and, if anything, now look further away than ever before; twice PSG have been dumped out of Europe’s premier club competition at the last 16 stage, while Neymar only finished 12th in the Golden Ball running in 2018, and has been usurped as PSG’s poster boy by French phenom Kylian Mbappe. Now PSG are seeking for a change in tone at the football club. Leonardo has returned as sporting director and president Nasser Al-Khelaifi sent a pointed message last week, declaring that superstar attitudes will no longer be tolerated. “Players will have to be more responsible than before,” Al-Khelaifi told France Football. “It must be completely different. “They will have to do more and work harder. They are not there for their own amusement. If they do not agree, the doors are open – Ciao! “I do not want star behaviour anymore.” That declaration came amid reports that Neymar, who has made just 37 league appearances in two years in France, had told PSG’s president “I do not want to play more in PSG. I want to go return home, where I should never have left.” As such, PSG are ready to cash in but won’t show their hand publicly; to do so would hinder their chances of extracting maximum value for the Brazilian, and they know there’s only a very small circle of clubs who can afford him: Barca, Real Madrid, Man City and Manchester United. They want to recoup their initial outlay, something that presents an issue to Barcelona chiefs; how can they afford a mega-money deal? Potentially, Ousmane Dembele or Philippe Coutinho could be used as a makeweight, while they have already begun offloading others in an effort to bring in funds – notably Jasper Cillessen, heading to Valencia and Andre Gomes, joining Everton . But seemingly Neymar is of the belief that a deal will be done this summer. The post Neymar Continues Barcelona Transfer Push With Five-Word WhatsApp Confession  Source: Independent