 Nigeria players are staging a sit-in protest, refusing to leave their hotel in France until all of their outstanding bonuses are paid, following the team’s elimination from the Women’s World Cup on Saturday. Players told ESPN they are owed bonuses from two games, against Gambia and Senegal, from as far back as two years ago, amounting to 2 million Nigerian naira (about $5,600 U.S.), but they have been paid only half of that. They also say they are owed five days of daily allowance while at the World Cup. “They paid us 1 million [naira] and said that is all. We want them to pay the balance,” one player told ESPN. “Part of that money is from two years ago, the other is from three years ago. And they are also owing us five days’ daily allowance here in France. “Before the World Cup, we asked them for a meeting so that we could discuss our World Cup bonuses, like they did with the men’s team last year. They ignored the letter and nobody said anything about it until now.” The players are also demanding their share of the World Cup participation fee from FIFA, even though the tournament’s organisers are not scheduled to pay those until September. Nigeria Football Federation president Amaju Pinnick told ESPN that all the outstanding allowances have been paid. “We have paid them everything they are being owed,” he said. Nigeria reached the knockout stage of the Women’s World Cup before losing to Germany in the round of 16 on Saturday. Elsa/Getty Images “The only thing outstanding is the participation fee from FIFA, which is not expected to come until after the tournament. But they insist that they want to get paid, as they have spoken to players from Cameroon and France, who told them they have already been paid.” It is not the first time Nigeria’s women team has staged a protest over bonuses. After winning the 2016 African title in Cameroon, the squad returned home and staged a public demonstration on the streets of the capital, Abuja, to demand payment of their outstanding allowances. In 2004, the team also sat in for three days at their hotel in South Africa after winning the African title until the allowances were settled. Nigeria reached the knockout stage of the Women’s World Cup in France before losing 3-0 to Germany in the round of 16 on Saturday in Grenoble. The post World Cup: Super Falcons Protest Unpaid Bonuses, Refuse To Leave Hotel In France appeared first on . Source: 36Ng By Johnny Edward: Super Eagles coach, Gernot Rohr, has revealed that the Nigeria Football Federation ha​s​ handed his team a semi-final target at the 2018 ​​FIFA World Cup in Russia, but he describes it as ‘excessive’, ‎Completesportsnigeria.com reports. The Super Eagles’ best finish at the FIFA World Cup so far is… October 25, 2017 In "Sports" LAGOS –Â It has now been revealed why the Flying Eagles crashed out of the ongoing FIFA U-20 World Cup in Poland ignominiously. The team lost 1-2 to Senegal in their Round of 16 tie to crash out of the tournament on Monday. They qualified for the knockout stage as one… June 7, 2019 In "News" By Tony Ubani Definitely, happy times are here for Super Eagles coach, Gernot Rohr who, we have been reliably informed, has been paid five months salary up front. Gernot-Rohr The payment, which is unprecedented in the history of the country, is a way of telling the Franco-German tactician thank you… October 21, 2017 In "News"