 Asaba – Residents of Isoko North Local Government Council in Delta State are lamenting another havoc as a suspected internet fraudster allegedly crushed to death the councilor representing Oyede Ward, Hon. Malaka Kelvin Efe and fled the scene immediately. Daily independent Newspapers gathered that the incident happened along Oruamudu road in front of the Delta State High Court in Ozoro Community. It was learnt that the suspected Yahoo boy immediately zoomed off the scene of the incident for fear of not being lynched by an angry mob. The remains of the serving Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s councilor have been deposited at the mortuary in Ozoro. Contacted, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Adeyinka Adeleke in a telephone chat with our correspondent confirmed the report. CP Adeleke said, “It is true and investigation has commenced. The matter is before the Area Command in Ozoro. But if you have other information, you can still help us.” But the Isoko North Council Chairman, Hon. Emmanuel Egbabor,  confirmed the report saying, “Yes, one of my councilors died weekend. The boy, who killed him and ran away, was later arrested by the police. He is a Yahoo boy.” The post Yahoo Boy Kills Delta Councillor, Flees Scene Source: Independent It was a black Friday for Isoko North Local Government Council in Delta State as a suspected internet fraudster allegedly crushed to death, the councillor representing Oyede Ward, Hon. Malaka Kelvin Efe. The incident happened along Oruamudu road in front of the Delta State High Court in Ozoro Community, according… June 28, 2019 In "News" Asaba – The Delta State Independent Electoral Commission (DSIEC) has announced as returned and unopposed, the 57 councilors of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Saturday’s local government elections. This followed the failure of Delta State main opposition party, All Progressives Congress (APC) and other parties to field candidates against… January 6, 2018 In "News" Traditional rulers in Isoko ethnic nationality in Delta State have endorsed the immediate past governor of the state and senatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) for Delta South, Dr Emmanuel Uduaghan, for the Senate seat in next month’s National Assembly election. The monarchs, however, said Uduaghan’s endorsement was… January 23, 2019 In "News"