 Bauchi-No fewer than twenty persons have been burnt to death in a ghastly motor accident along Potiskum – Sade road in Misau Local Government Area of Bauchi state. The Police Public Relations Officer, Bauchi State Command, Kamal Abubakar, confirmed the incident on Sunday in a telephone interview with newsmen in Bauchi Abubakar, a Deputy Superintendent of Police said that the incident happened yesterday in the night around 9.30pm and the crash was as a result of a head-on collision between a J5 bus motor vehicle and an 18 seater Hummer bus. “The J5 was coming from Potiskum heading towards Bauchi carrying goats while the Hummer bus was from Bauchi. They had a head-on collision which resulted to fire and 20 people were burnt beyond recognition.” He said Asked on the identity of the deceased, The PPRO said he could not give that at the moment, but disclosed that nineteen corpses were recognized by family members through the manifest in which they wrote their details at the motor park. The Police Spokesman said that a mass burial was held for the deceased in Darazo Local Government Area of the state. The post 20 Burnt Beyond Recognition In Bauchi Auto Crash  Source: Independent Bauchi-No fewer than twenty persons have been burnt to death in a ghastly motor accident along Potiskum – Sade road in Misau Local Government Area of Bauchi state. The Police Public Relations Officer, Bauchi State Command, Kamal Abubakar, confirmed the incident on Sunday in a telephone interview with newsmen in… August 11, 2019 In "News" Akure – Eighteen people on Saturday died in a fatal road crash in Akure, Ondo state capital. The victims were said to have been burnt beyond recognition in the crash that occurred along Akure-Owo Highway. Sources said the accident was as a result of a head-on collision between a bus… June 8, 2019 In "News" AKURE –Â Eighteen people on Saturday died in a fatal road crash in Akure, Ondo state capital. The victims were said to have been burnt beyond recognition in the crash that occurred along Akure-Owo Highway. Sources said the accident was as a result of a head-on collision between a bus and… June 9, 2019 In "News"