 Samson Siasia has been banned for life by FIFA after he was found guilty of bribery and manipulation of matches. The former Super Eagles of Nigeria coach has been banned from all football-related activities over attempts to rig matches at international level. According to reports from BBC Sport The world football’s governing body said it opened disciplinary proceedings after a vast investigation into various international matches that Singaporean Wilson Raj Perumal, a convicted match-fixer, had attempted to manipulate for betting purposes. The statement reads; “The formal ethics proceedings against Mr. Siasia were initiated on 11 February 2019 and stem from an extensive investigation into matches that Mr. Wilson Raj Perumal attempted to manipulate for betting purposes. “This large-scale investigation was conducted by FIFA via its competent departments and in cooperation with the relevant stakeholders and authorities. “In its decision, the adjudicatory chamber found that Mr. Siasia had breached art. 11 (Bribery) of the 2009 edition of the FIFA Code of Ethics and banned him for life from all football-related activities (administrative, sports or any other) at both national and international level. “In addition, a fine in the amount of CHF 50,000 has been imposed on Mr. Siasia. The decision was notified to Mr. Siasia today, the date on which the ban comes into force.”  The post FIFA Bans Former Super Eagles Star & Coach Samson Siasia for Life appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Samson Siasia has been banned for life by FIFA after he was found guilty of bribery and manipulation of matches. The former Super Eagles of Nigeria coach has been banned from all football-related activities over attempts to rig matches at international level. According to reports from BBC Sport The world… August 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" Abuja – Coach Samson Siasia has expressed dismay at his purported life ban by the world football governing body, FIFA, saying that he is still in shock over the devastating news. In a brief telephone conversation with this reporter., the ex-international and former Super Eagles coach said he is more… August 16, 2019 In "News" Former Nigeria national team player and coach, Samson Siasia, has been banned from the game for life following a match-fixing probe by world governing body FIFA. The adjudicatory chamber of FIFA’s independent Ethics Committee found that Siasia was “guilty of having accepted that he would receive bribes in relation to… August 16, 2019 In "Wedding Digest"