 ENUGU – Governor Ifeanyi Ug­wuanyi of Enugu State has reiterated his administra­tion’s commitment to elim­inating all forms of crime and insecurity in the state. He stated this on Thurs­day in Enugu during the swearing-in ceremony of the 2019 Batch ‘B’ Stream II corps members deployed to the state. The governor, who was represented by the Secre­tary to the State Govern­ment, Professor Simon Or­tuanya, said that the state remained safe in spite of recent security challenges. Ugwuanyi assured the corps members of their safe­ty in any part of the state they would be deployed for their primary assignment. He said: “I want to as­sure you of the determina­tion of this administration in combating crime and eliminating insecurity in any guise in the state. “The ongoing recruit­ment of 1700 forest guards to complement the efforts of law enforcement agents is a testimony to our resolve in keeping the state safe. “You are, therefore, safe in any part of the state you may be posted for your pri­mary assignment after the orientation course,” he said. The governor said that he had unwavering faith in the National Youth Ser­vice Corps (NYSC) scheme, adding that the state gov­ernment would continue to provide the enabling en­vironment for it to thrive. He said: “The NYSC call-up is a clarion call to self­less service and personal sacrifice. “We will continue to give the welfare of corps mem­bers posted to the state pri­ority attention. This we be­lieve will motivate them to discharge their mandates successfully,” he said. The post Ugwuanyi Reiterates Pledge To Fight Insecurity In Enugu Source: Independent The people of Agbada Nenwe in Aninri Local Government Area of Enugu State, members of the Hausa/Fulani community and Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) in the South East zone, have denied the video trending on social media over the purported expulsion of some herders and their cattle… July 2, 2019 In "News" By Emeka Mamah Enugu— Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State was the cynosure of attention at the 47th  Convocation Lecture of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, UNN, last week, following the encomiums poured on him for good performance by the Chairman of the occasion and former Governor of the Central… December 20, 2017 In "News" Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has directed traditional rulers in the state living outside their kingdoms to relocate to their communities immediately or risk the wrath of the state government. Ugwuanyi issued the directive on Thursday in Enugu during a meeting with traditional rulers and Presidents General of town… August 8, 2019 In "News"