 DAMATURU – Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni, has met with the Executive Secretary and Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Shippers’ Council, Hassan Bello, for the construction of a modern Trailer Park and Mechanics’ Village in Potiskum Town, headquarters of Potiskum Local Government Area. The governor met the Shippers’ Council chief in Lagos recently ahead of the foundation laying ceremony slated for Wednesday, September 4, 2019. The Yobe State government and the Shippers’ Council are working together under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) to construct the modern transportation hub in Potiskum. As part of its commitments, the Yobe State government has also provided 50-hectares of land as site for the Park in Potiskum. The project is expected to be completed within 18 months once bidding processes have been finalised. It would be recalled that during Governor Buni’s recent Town Hall Meeting in Potiskum, he had told the people that the Modern Trailer Park project would help decongest, clean up Potiskum and provide a modern business environment to the people. Shippers’ Council Executive Secretary, Hassan Bello, explained that over 5,000 direct jobs could be created once the Park comes on stream. “Potiskum has the largest concentration of trucks and it’s fitting that truck drivers have a dignified hub to transit and rest as they continue with their trucking activities…They also need a modern mechanics village for the maintenance of their vehicles”, Bello said. The post Yobe Gov Partners Shippers’ Council On Trailer Park Construction Source: Independent From left, Mr Hassan Bello, Executive Secretary/CEO, Nigerian Shippers’ Council (NSC); Chief (Mrs) Yetunde Onanuga. Deputy Governor, Ogun State; Mr Abayomi Sobande, Head of Service, Ogun State and Mr Taiwo Adeoluwa, Secretary to the State Government, Ogun State when the NSC paid a courtesy visit to the Ogun State Government,… September 14, 2017 In "News" DAMATURU – As part of efforts to end flooding, the Chairman of Potiskum Local Government Area in Yobe State, Salisu Muktari, in collaboration with the Primary Health Care Department has embarked on environmental sainitation in the area. The council has embarked on clearing of refuse, dumps and drainages across the town.… July 30, 2019 In "News" The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has signed a Memorandum of Understating (MoU) with the Nigerian Shippers Council (NSC) to facilitate movement of goods across the country. Corps Marshal of the FRSC, Mr Boboye Oyeyemi and the Executive Secretary of NSC, Mr Hassan Bello, signed on behalf of their organisations… November 3, 2017 In "News"