 Get a result against the treble-winning champions? It isn’t as if it’s something Spurs haven’t done before! But there’s no doubt Mauricio Pochettino’s men face a daunting challenge on Saturday tea-time. If you’re taking a punt on the match make sure you read our betting preview first, by the man who knows Spurs inside out, Rob Guest. Win, lose or draw?
Spurs are going to have to be at their very best on Saturday evening if they are to come away from the Etihad Stadium with something. Man City ran riot last weekend at West Ham and it’s going to be incredibly hard to stop them given the wealth of attacking options available to Pep Guardiola. However, I can see Spurs leaving with a point in a 1-1 draw providing they remain strong at the back over the course of the 90 minutes. The draw is a giant 17/4 with thepools.com while a 1-1 correct score is a twice as good 17/2 with thepools.com. Who’s a good bet for first scorer?
You’d have to go with Harry Kane as Tottenham’s first scorer on Saturday following his double against Aston Villa last weekend.
Chances will be few and far between for Spurs during the game and they will be hoping the best ones fall to the England captain in the box. He’s a solid 13/2 first scorer and 2/1 any time. Harry Kane celebrates one of his goals against Aston Villa (Photo by DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images) Who’s on the naughty step? (first card)
Kyle Walker-Peters may be a good bet for first card given he’ll be up against Raheem Sterling.
City will look to attack down the left throughout and that means the 22-year-old will have his hands full against the England international. Who’s on pens?
Harry Kane will be on penalties for Spurs once again this season. See above …. Will Spurs keep a clean sheet?
Man City always score at home and you can only see that run continuing against Spurs. The key for Pochettino’s team on Saturday is going to be to try and keep them goalless for as long as possible, although that’s easier said than done. Both Teams To Score is 3/4 with thepools.com The post Man City VS Tottenham EPL Game Prediction Source: Independent