Aldelia Group is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Byteworks Technology Solutions Limited is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned; constituted of smart and committed young professionals.The thrust of Byteworks is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria as a whole by employing its products in every state/sector it is applied. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 5 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Airtel Nigeria (Airtel Networks Limited), a leading mobile telecommunication services provider in Nigeria and a member of Airtel Africa Group, is committed to providing innovative, exciting, affordable and quality mobile services to Nigerians, giving them the freedom to communicate, rise above their daily challenges and drive economic and social development. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Cashigo International, a leading internet finance company in Lagos, is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Newly Trending Job Vacancies at Aldelia Group, Airtel Nigeria, Cashigo International & Byteworks Technology Solutions Limited (Over 20 Job Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria (A). Legend Hospitality Managers Limited Legend Hospitality Managers Limited – Our client, a 3-star boutique hotel in Ado-Ekiti metropolis of Ekiti State having quick-service restaurant as its major business unit, 25 tastefully-furnished rooms, all necessary facilities for accommodation services, banquet/event services, indoor/outdoor catering services and leisure services is recruiting qualified candidates… August 2, 2019 In "Jobs" Byteworks Technology Solutions Limited is a fast-growing software and technology company indigenously owned; constituted of smart and committed young professionals.The thrust of Byteworks is that by implementing its products through excellence, commitment, innovation and integrity, there is a consistent increase in revenue generation in Nigeria as a whole by employing… August 17, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Aldelia Group Aldelia Group is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: 1. Senior Accountant Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Stock Controller Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. Business Development Manager Click Here to Read… July 18, 2019 In "Jobs"