 Prime suspect in the case of three missing girls from Takoradi, Ghana, Samuel Udoetuk, has reportedly revealed that the females were sold for N1.8m each in Nigeria. According to Bureau of National Investigations sources, Udoetuk confessed that the girls were sold to an operator of a baby factory at Onitsha in Anambra State. He further admitted to carrying out the act together with two other suspects, John Oji and Chika Nnodim, who have also been arrested in relation to the crime. Priscilla Bentum was the first to have been kidnapped and reportedly transported to Nigeria in December by John and Chika, while Priscilla Kuranchie and Ruth Quayson were sent in January through the Aflao border, according to The Chronicle, a Ghanaian publication. The victims were heavily sedated when they were being transported to Nigeria to avoid the risk of them raising the alarm. After receiving information, the BNI reportedly followed up on it and confirmed the existence of a baby factory ring in Onitsha where young girls are sold off to kingpins for the purpose of making babies for adoption by rich families in Nigeria and elsewhere. Investigations into the disappearance of the three girls are still ongoing with a forensic team from the Ghana Police Service expected to arrive in Takoradi to collect DNA samples from their families. This is to enable the team carry out the necessary tests on the body parts found in the uncompleted residence of Udoetuk in Takoradi believed to be the remains of four people suspected to have been killed by him. The post Missing Ghanaian Girls Sold In Nigeria For N1.8m Each, Says Suspect Source: Independent <p class="">The single mother of five said she used part of the money to a phone, wrapper </p> <h1>The Special Anti-Robbery Squad of the Imo State Police Command has reportedly arrested one Nneka Donatus, a 27-year-old single mother who allegedly sold her one-day-old baby girl.</h1> <p class="">A civil servant at… May 11, 2019 In "News" The Ghanaian police have confirmed they retrieved human remains from a septic tank on a property previously occupied by Samuel Udoetuk-Wills, the Nigerian key suspect in the kidnapping of the three Takoradi girls. The skulls were retrieved Friday night from a septic tank at Kasaworodo a suburb of Takoradi. The… August 3, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" By Peter Okutu ABAKALIKI—A 17-year-old teenage girl was allegedly drugged by traffickers, labbelled mentally ill and her three-month-old boy sold for N910,000. Meanwhile, the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons, NAPTIP, in collaboration with the Police, has arrested membbers of the child-trafficking syndicate in connection with the… January 5, 2018 In "News"