 Abuja  – The Presidential Election Petition Tribunal (PEPT) sitting at the Court of Appeal, Abuja, on Wednesday reserved judgment on the petition challenging the declaration of President Muhammadu Buhari as winner of the last presidential election. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its standard bearer in the poll, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, had dragged the All Progressives Congress (APC), its candidate, Buhari, and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) before the tribunal claiming that the election was massively rigged in favour of Buhari. By the petition, Atiku is praying for the cancellation of the election on grounds of irregularities, malpractices, and non-qualification of Buhari to contest the election. Buhari was declared the winner of the election with 15,191,847 votes, while Abubakar, his closest challenger, polled 11,262,978 votes, according to the results declared by INEC on February 26. On July 19, Atiku closed his case after calling 62 witnesses out of the 400 earlier pencilled down by his legal team to give oral and documentary testimonies in a bid to prove that he won the 2019 presidential election. Buhari’s lead counsel, Wole Olanipekun (SAN), announced a surprise closure of his case on August 1 after calling seven witnesses. The INEC (1st respondent) and APC (3rd) did not call any witness. At a resumed sitting on Wednesday, the Justice Garba Mohammed led five-man tribunal reserved judgment after counsel to all the parties in the petition adopted their final written submissions. Adopting his address, lead counsel to the petitioners, Dr. Livy Uzoukwu (SAN), submitted that Buhari used “fundamental falsehood” to secure clearance from INEC to contest the presidential poll. Atiku posited that Buhari “lied on oath” in his Form CF001, which he presented to INEC before participating in the election. Atiku’s lawyer referred the tribunal to a portion of Buhari’s INEC Form where he claimed to have three different certificates: Primary School Leaving Certificate, WAEC School Sertificate, and Officers Cadet Certificate. Uzoukwu expressed surprise that “no provisional certificate, no certified true copy of the certificates, no photocopy of certificates and, in fact, no electronic version of any of the certificates was presented by Buhari throughout the hearing of the petition to dispute the claim of the petitioners”. He continued: “More worrisome is the fact that Buhari’s witness, Major General Paul Tafa (rtd), who enlisted into the Nigerian army with him in 1962, testified that they were never asked to submit their certificates to the Nigerian Army Board as claimed by Buhari in his Form CF001. “Secretary of the Nigerian Army Board, Olatunde Olaleye, had in a statement clarified that Buhari had no single certificate in his personal file with the Nigerian army.” Uzoukwu faulted the position of INEC that collation and transmission of results electronically were prohibited by law in Nigeria. Uzoukwu argued that by the Electoral Amendment Act of March 26, 2015, the use of electronics became law and was officially gazetted for the country. Atiku’s lawyer submitted further that section 9 of the Act which made provision for electronic collation of results replaced section 52 which hitherto prohibited the use of electronics and which INEC erroneously held on to when it stated that transmission of electronic results was prohibited. He took a swipe at INEC for claiming that it had no device like server to store information, describing such position as “laughable, tragic, and a story for the dogs”. Consequently, Atiku’s counsel pleaded the tribunal to uphold his client’s petition just as he urged the panel to invalidate Buhari’s participation in the election on the basis that he lied on oath to secure clearance from INEC. On his part, Buhari’s lawyer, Olanipekun (SAN), argued that Atiku’s petition was liable to be dismissed for want of evidence, merit, and substance. Olanipekun cited section 131 of the constitution which stipulated a minimum of secondary school attendance to qualify for election in Nigeria. Buhari, according to his lawyer, could not go beyond that and does not need to tender or attach a certificate before he could get qualification for any election. He insisted that there was nothing in the law to persuade the tribunal to void the February 23 presidential election as argued by the petitioners. Similarly, INEC’s counsel, Yunus Usman (SAN), and Lateef Fagbemi (SAN), variously urged the tribunal to dismiss the petition with substantial cost because the election was held in total compliance with the constitution and Electoral Act 2010. Usman insisted that INEC did not transmit election results electronically, and argued that the petition lacked quality evidence that could warrant the nullification of the election. The post Buhari, Atiku’s Fate Hangs In The Balance As Tribunal Reserves Judgment Source: Independent Abuja – The Presidential Election Petition Tribunal (PEPT) sitting at the Court of Appeal Abuja, on Wednesday reserved judgment on the petition challenging the return of President Muhammadu Buhari as the winner of the February 23, general elections. The Peoples Democratic Party and its standard-bearer in the presidential poll, former… August 21, 2019 In "News" Dr. Livy Uzoukwu, has said the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the just concluded election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has all the facts to prosecute his case at the tribunal and emerge victorious. Uzoukwu a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) and Lead Counsel of the Atiku/Obi legal… March 19, 2019 In "News" <p class="">Chris Uche, Lawyer to the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar has revealed that his client has filed a petition challenging the victory of President Buhari at the polls.</p> <p class="">The <strong>Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) </strong>declared Buhari the winner of the presidential election which… March 18, 2019 In "News"