Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations (affiliates) committed to creating a just world without poverty. In Nigeria Oxfam works in the areas of Economic Justice/Sustainable Livelihoods, Humanitarian Programming to save lives, Advancing Gender Justice and Good Governance, adopting a right based approach. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Head of Finance & Administration (BSM) Req ID 5138
Location: Abuja
Internal Job Grade: B2, Global
Contract type: 1 Year Fixed Term (Renewable subject to funding & performance)
Job Family: Finance & Business Support
Reporting to: Country Director
Staff reporting to this post: Finance Managers, Supply & Logistics Manager & ICT Officer
Locations: Abuja, Nigeria
Annual Budget: The Country Office has a budget of Over €15 million Job Purpose Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities
Performance Management & Business Intelligence: Financial Planning and Information Management: Grant Management and Donor Reporting: Procurement & Logistics: Information Technology: Risk Management: Leadership, Coordination and Capacity Building: Person Specification Essential
Education: Experience: Skills & Abilities: Desirable Key Behavioral Competencies Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Head of Finance & Administration (BSM) at Oxfam Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations (affiliates) committed to creating a just world without poverty. In Nigeria Oxfam works in the areas of Economic Justice/Sustainable Livelihoods, Humanitarian Programming to save lives, Advancing Gender Justice and Good Governance, adopting a right based approach.We are recruiting to fill the position… August 14, 2019 In "Jobs" Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations (affiliates) committed to creating a just world without poverty. In Nigeria Oxfam works in the areas of Economic Justice/Sustainable Livelihoods, Humanitarian Programming to save lives, Advancing Gender Justice and Good Governance, adopting a right based approach. We are recruiting to fill the… August 21, 2019 In "Jobs" Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations (affiliates) committed to creating a just world without poverty. In Nigeria Oxfam works in the areas of Economic Justice/Sustainable Livelihoods, Humanitarian Programming to save lives, Advancing Gender Justice and Good Governance, adopting a right based approach.We are recruiting to fill the position… June 4, 2019 In "Jobs"