 German Chancellor, Angela Merkel, has expressed the desire to hold one-on-one talks with new British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, to discuss issues related to Brexit. Spokesperson for the German Government, Steffen Seibert, made this known in Berlin on Friday. Seibert said that the meeting would take place soon but did not give a date. Downing Street declined to comment on a possible meeting when contacted by dpa. Both leaders will, however, be attending the G7 summit in Biarritz, France, from August 24 to 26. Johnson’s schedule for the summit will be released on Monday. He has pledged to leave the EU with or without an agreement by October 31 if the bloc does not agree to major changes to the deal that was hammered out with his predecessor, Theresa May, but has repeatedly been rejected by the British parliament. The EU has rejected making any changes, giving rise to increased fears of a no-deal Brexit with potentially severe economic and other consequences. The post Merkel, Johnson To Meet Over Brexit Source: Independent It is up to Britain to move Brexit talks forward, Germany said on Friday, warning that “time is running out” for London to negotiate the deal it wants. A day after the EU’s Chief Negotiator, Michel Barnier, said the talks were deadlocked over money and could not progress to discussions… October 13, 2017 In "News" European partners on Friday warned Boris Johnson that his hardline Brexit stance was putting the UK on a “collision course” with the European Union (EU) and called on the new British premier to avoid “provocations.” Johnson told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday that the only way to reach a… July 27, 2019 In "News" Theresa May is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin and French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Tuesday in a bid to delay Brexit. As a result, Mrs May hasÂ cancelledÂ her usual Tuesday Cabinet meeting ahead of the hectic day of negotiations. The prime minister is scheduled to… April 8, 2019 In "News"