 Wizkid’s body guard, Emmanuel Obinna populary known as Roy, has become a house owner as he acquires a house in Lagos. The strongly, physically built man has been with Wizkid for over five years now going about serving as the protector and guardian of the superstar singer when at shows both locally and internationally and we guess that must have now paid off handsomely. Roy is also known to be married with two kids and prior to this joyous news, the time he was a major topic on the internet was when he was attacked and left seriously injured on the face at a night club in Lekki in December 2018 for allegedly trying to persuade the management of the club to be patient with his boss, Wizkid who was owing huge debts in money after patronizing the club with the promise to pay back at a later date. That loyalty must have paid off now, after a new level is unlocked, becoming a house owner. Congratulations Roy! Glory be to God? ??? #landlord #sweethome A post shared by  Roy Emmanuel Obinna (@royofdestiny) on Aug 18, 2019 at 3:24am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Wizkid’s Body Guard Acquires A Brand New House In Lekki, Lagos appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Wizkid’s bodyguard, Roy has moved to his new one stores building in Lagos after successful completion of the construction. He shared the good news on his instagram page today. The post Wizkid’s bodyguard, Roy, becomes a house owner in Lagos appeared first on . Source: 36Ng August 18, 2019 In "Entertainment" by Wilfred Okiche   To watch the video of Wizkid’s epoch-making performance to a sold out, racially diverse audience at London’s 5,272 capacity Royal Albert Hall is to be proud of the twenty-seven-year-old. Long in the habit of making Nigerians proud – the Billboard number one, the bromance with Chris… October 8, 2017 In "News" On Christmas morning, Wizkid and Davido, Africa’s most prominent and loved musicians, publicly ended their beef. Christmas turkey has never tasted so delicious. We didn’t have the three wise men riding camels in Lagos. There was no Eastern star which we would have followed. All the virgins were at home… December 25, 2017 In "News"