 Abuja –Ahead of August 29 governorship primaries in Kogi State, Mohammed Audu, son of the former governor of Kogi State, the late Prince Abubakar Audu, has said that he wields control of the best grassroots political structure capable of stopping Governor Yahaya Bello and the PDP. He made the disclosure in a chat with journalists, Monday in Abuja, insisting that a people-oriented primary will not only reject the incumbent governor but go ahead to retain power in the November 16 governorship election in the State against a resurgent opposition. According to him what would guarantee APC victory for the party in the November 16 election would be a credible primary. Cautioning against manipulation of the process Audu said he is not particularly bothered about the mode of primaries that the leadership of APC would adopt, but that the process must be free, fair and credible. He added that attempt at manipulation under any guise would leave blood in the hands of perpetrators. He noted that Kogi people are united in their quest for change, as another four years of the incumbent administration in the state would further impoverish them. “We are very happy that the party is given consideration to the various mode of primaries because we know that once the party fulfill its promise of carrying out transparent, free and fair process of selecting a candidate for the party I can assure you that the outcome of the Nov. 16 governorship election will be very sweet and decisive to the extent that Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) will not stand a chance. “I can promise you that by midday on election day., Nov. 16, PDP will know its fate. APC will jubilate to the high heavens. Anything to the contrary, it will all happen in the same regard which means that if the people are not happy with the process then they have given the opposition a very good opportunity which is all they are praying for. They are praying for an opportunity to use APC against APC which is only way they will stand the chance of victory. “If APC works together and has one house and emerges successful from this process they are unbeatable. If you allow a people process, all of us will support that process without any question but we know from Kogi state is that a people, free, and fair process will definitely not produce Gov Yahaya Bello.” On the chances of other aspirants like Usman Jibrin, he stated categorically that he should wait till 2023, “Usman Jibrin just joined politics three months ago, he’s learning on the job. He should prepare for 2023.
“For now, it’s a game of popularity and structure. I am the only one with party structure in the state. Political structure called the Audu political family.” The post Kogi Guber: My Political Structure Will Defeat, Bello PDP- Audu’s Son  Source: Independent