Thank U Cash, a connected Analytics Ltd product that grows customer loyalty through a reward system has hit $100,000 in cash rewards and $5.5M in transaction volume. Do you want to EARN INSTANT CASH or SAVE MONEY any time you shop? *** Watch this short video *** Download the mobile app here: https://t.co/4rh5wpT2PA #ShareToFriends  #ThankUCash #EarnMoney #SaveMoney pic.twitter.com/mrQcl9svVj — Thank U Cash (@ThankUCash) November 13, 2018 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The company took to twitter to reveal its accomplishment via Co-founder, Simeon Ononobi’s handle. The co-founder greatly expressed his excitement on the growth, whilst mention the addition of 14 new members to their team. So excited, we just hit 100k usd given out in cash rewards, N2billion (5.5million usd in transaction volume). And excited to have 14 new team members joining tomorrow 1st August. — Simeon Ononobi (@SimeonOnonobi) July 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Thank U Cash was founded by Madonna Ononobi, Simeon Ononobi and Suraj Supekar in 2018. The platform ensures its multi-merchant clients keeps their customers through a cash reward system. The platform has over 250,000 users with plans to grow to 1 million by the end of 2019. The company is backed by investors like; Microtraction, Ventures Platform and Google Launchpad Accelerator. See also: London-based VertoFX Closes $2.1 Million Seed Round, to expand B2B cross-border Payments The company has saved over N13 Million via transactions with a rise in transaction volume at $5.5 million. This they achieved through their ‘Get Instant Cash, when you spend’ policy. Crunchbase revealed that the company has raised up to $210,000 in over 3 rounds. Since its inception, Thank U Cash has helped companies improve customer loyalty and increase sales. Impressed merchants have taken to their platforms to thank the company for helping them grow. Temitope Orilua, General Manager, Sailors Lounge and a Merchant partner of Thank U Cash, had this to say about the platform, ‘Definitely the best customer rewarding platform we have used at our outlet. It truly delivers on its promise and I will always recommend Thank U Cash to any online or offline merchant or store. You won’t find a better deal.’ Dola Founder Wings’n’Sides and Merchant partner of Thank U cash also said “It was the first rewards platform we have used and we got hooked on it. It is a great solution and we love it. The Uniqueness is that they upgrade the solution and try to offer more and more to a retailer like me” Amadi Lawrence, Customer of Thank U Cash also said, “We love it and it has really changed our business. We started our Lagos store and tried Thank U Cash, our customers love it, we love it and it’s always rewarding. We have seen growth in the businesses and customers keeps coming back to earn and shop. I personally love it.”  The post Nigeria’s Thank U Cash Hits $100K Cash Rewards appeared first on Techgist Africa | Africa Leading Tech News, Reviews and Tips. Source: Tech Gist Africa