 The 22-year-old was last seen in Haringey, north London, on 31 July, but was only reported missing to police on 7 August. On Friday night, Joyce’s boyfriend Brandon Mehmed denied she was missing – writing on Instagram: “Please don’t worry about her as she is safe and well.” Despite this, the Metropolitan Police has confirmed to Sky News that Joyce’s case is still open. Missing People, the charity that launches appeals for missing people on behalf of families and the police, also confirmed that Joyce remains missing. Spokeswoman Amy Walker said: “We urge anybody with information about Marina, or any missing person, to contact our free helpline on 116 000. We’re completely confidential, and can pass sightings through to police anonymously on behalf of anyone who doesn’t feel comfortable speaking with them directly. “Our team can also offer emotional support to friends and family affected by the disappearance. “Marina if you’re reading this, our helpline is here to listen, talk to you in confidence and help you to be safe. You can call or text us on 116 000 for free, any time of day or night.” Joyce’s last video was uploaded to YouTube on 21 June 2019, with a promise for more content a week later. Fans of the lifestyle vlogger, best known for her make-up and clothing reviews, have been swift in their campaign to find her, with #FindMarinaJoyce trending on Twitter. The post Police Investigate Disappearance Of British YouTube Star  Source: Independent Bolarinwa Ajayi, left and Adenike Fafila AKINWALE ABOLUWADE writes about the travails of the family and church members of Mr Bolarinwa Ajayi who reportedly got missing in transit between Ibadan and Ilesa with reference to other cases of missing persons and what the police say.   The Ajayi family ofÂ Bolorunduro… September 22, 2018 In "News" Boluwatife THE family of Mr Olanrewaju Olatunde is presently agonising over the disappearance of their son while seeking a spiritual intervention in a church in Ikoyi, Isokan Local Government Area of Osun State. Eight-year-old Boluwatife has been missing for nine days now after disappearing, Friday last week, from the church… July 29, 2017 In "News" Bags of rice and cement being displayed on a Dangote truck with registration number ICT-13F-014, IBESE 13, at the warehouse of the Federal Operations Unit (FOU), Zone A of the Nigerian Customs Service on Tuesday, following its seizure by Customs for concealing bags of smuggled rice underneath bags of cement.… July 16, 2017 In "News"