 Newcastle United and 12 other Premier League clubs entered the Carabao Cup in the second round yesterday.
Newcastle United have entered the Carabao Cup in the second round of the tournament and they were drawn against Leicester City in the North region. Unlike most Premier League rivals who were drawn against inferior opposition from lower leagues, the Magpies will have a tough test to start the tournament. #NUFC will go up against Leicester City in the 2nd round of the Carabao Cup. We’ll gladly trade with Burnley to take on Sunderland instead — Newcastle Toons (@NewcastleToons) August 13, 2019 Steve Bruce has made it clear that he aims to win a domestic trophy with Newcastle United, but the odds of advancing deep into the meaningless Carabao Cup have now dropped quite significantly. However, seeing that there is no real benefit to winning this tournament, Leicester City might field a weak team comprised of reserve players and the Toon could advance. That being said, though, Bruce should make the Premier League and the FA Cup his primary objectives, not the Carabao Cup. As a result, the following players should sit out for this tournament to avoid unwanted and unnecessary injuries. Sit Key Players
Joelinton The club paid top dollar for Joelinton and he is expected to lead the front-line this season. If he gets injured, there is no way Yoshinori Muto, Dwight Gayle and Andy Carroll will keep this team up.
Miguel Almiron Like Joelinton, Almiron is a crucial player who serves as a playmaker down the middle and out wide. No other player on the roster is capable of setting up big plays for his teammates the way Almiron does.
Jonjo Shelvey If Newcastle United want to be successful this season they need Shelvey to stay healthy. He already picked up a slight knock against Arsenal, so Bruce should sit his general in midfield out for this tournament. Allan Saint-Maximin The young French winger would definitely light it up against reserve players in this tournament, but we need him to do that in the Premier League. Once Saint-Maximin settles into the squad and adapts to English football, he will quickly become one of our most important players and we cannot afford to lose him to injury.
Matt Ritchie With Jacob Murphy out on loan, Christian Atsu still recovering from injury and Rolando Aarons being dropped from the roster, the Magpies cannot risk losing Ritchie to injury. It really is as simple as that.
NEXT: Bruce, players and fans need 3 points vs. Norwich
Fabian Schar Schar is the best defender on the roster and keeping him injury-free is crucial. Not only does he get the job done defensively, but he is a dark horse who has shown that he can provide unexpected goals over the course of the Premier League season. The post Newcastle United To Sit These Players In Carabao Cup appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Newcastle host fellow Premier League side Leicester in the second round of the Carabao Cup, while Nottingham Forest face East Midlands rivals Derby. Source: BBC Sport August 13, 2019 In "Sports" By Johnny Edward: Nigeria's trio of Kelechi Iheanacho, Wilfred Ndidi and Ahmed Musa will prepare for a tricky match in the Second Round of the  Carabao Cup (formally known as the English Football League Cup) when they travel with Leicester City to Bramall Lane to face Sheffield United, a second tier side in… August 10, 2017 In "Sports" By Johnny Edward: Kelechi Iheanacho is looking forward to making his debut for Leicester City in today’s (Tuesday) Carabao Cup Fourth Round clash against Leeds United at the King Power Stadium, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. Iheanacho who was an unused substitute for Leicester City when they beat Swansea City 2-1 last Saturday,… October 24, 2017 In "Sports"