 It’s been 25 years since Oasis released their critically acclaimed debut album Definitely Maybe – and the milestone is to be celebrated with an anniversary silver vinyl reissue. The record helped push Britpop into the spotlight in the mid-90s and spawned the singles Supersonic, Shakermaker, Live Forever, Cigarettes & Alcohol and Rock ’N’ Roll Star. The reissue will launch on August 29 through Big Brother Recordings, while a double picture disc will be released the following day exclusively through the band’s website. Oasis fans are also being encouraged to share their memories of the album on social media using the hashtag #DefMaybe25. A trailer for the reissue has been uploaded to Oasis’ YouTube channel and can be watched below. Definitely Maybe was recently name checked as one of the 21 albums that changed the way we play guitar in a Classic Rock feature – and if you’re looking for the best records from the Britpop era, look no further. The post Oasis’ Debut Album Definitely Maybe To Receive 25th Anniversary Vinyl Reissue Source: Independent Keith Richards is celebrating the 30th anniversary of his solo debut album by reissuing it. Richards originally released “Talk Is Cheap” in 1988 and will reissue the album on March 29. It will include six bonus tracks and will be released digitally, on CD, on vinyl and as a box… January 17, 2019 In "News" While we’re still firmly left in shock at the fact it has been 20 years since The White Stripes released their self-titled debut album, Jack White’s Third Man Records has announced a huge deluxe release of the album complete with unreleased songs. The new edition will be titled THE WHITE STRIPES… August 8, 2019 In "News" Jessica Bongos-Ikwue, the daughter of the legend and a star in her own right has just released her debut 12-track album titled, "Broken to Peace”.  Remember Bongos Ikwue?Do you remember these songs: ‘Cockcrow At Dawn’, ‘Still Searching’, ‘Amen’, ‘Otachikpokpo’?If you were around in the 60s, 70s and 80’s, you would definitely… November 3, 2017 In "News"