The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa’s financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Internal Control & Compliance Analyst Location: Lagos
Division: Shared Services Division
Department: Enterprise Risk Management Group
Report to: Compliance Officer (Risk)
Grade: Executive Assistant – Officer
Estimated Date of Resumption: October 2, 2019 Job Summary Key Responsibilities Qualifications And Experience
To successfully deliver the above goals, the right candidate must have: Functional Competencies: Behavioural Competencies: Application Closing Date
3rd September, 2019. The post Internal Control & Compliance Analyst at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa’s financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world.… August 19, 2019 In "Jobs" The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa’s financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world.… August 19, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners Growth in Value Alliance (GV Alliance) Partners is a business advisory and market intelligence services firm. Our objectives are to assist organizations to achieve their growth aspirations by providing market intelligence, strategy blueprint, IT solution delivery expertise and business operation improvement capabilities. 1. Team… August 19, 2019 In "Jobs"