 ADO-EKITI – Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State has urged the state officials to henceforth speak only Yoruba language during state functions relating to culture and tradition. Fayemi handed down the order at the maiden Ekiti State Arts and Culture Stakeholders Forum with the theme: ‘Arts and Culture for Economic Prosperity’ held in the state capital. He said his government was desirous to promote arts and culture in the state and reignite communication through Yoruba and Ekiti dialectal, saying this makes the step imperative at this point in time. Fayemi, represented at the event by the Head of Service, Deji Ajayi, revealed that the state would hold its Festival of Arts and Culture in December, 2019 as part of the ways to boost the economy of the state. The governor added that there were empirical statistics and evidence to prove that there was the need for the state to enhance the skills and capacities of the youths, since government alone can’t solve the issue of endemic unemployment in the system. “From today henceforth, the government has banned the speaking of English in any cultural programme. Whoever that will participate in any traditional programme must speak Yoruba or our dialect.” Speaking on the relevance of arts and culture to national development, Fayemi said: “In the primary school teachers’ recruitment exercise we advertised recently, we wanted to employ 1,100 teachers and over 19,000 had applied on our website. “This shows that government must develop the skills and capacities of our youths to be able to be on their own. “We are going to organise Ekiti State Festival of Arts and Culture in December this year to enhance our capacities in crafts, dancing, weaving and other vocational areas of arts.” The post Fayemi Wants State Proceedings On Culture, Tradition Done In Yoruba Source: Independent The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, on Monday banned state government officials and other participants from speaking the English language at cultural and traditional functions. Fayemi said his government is desirous of promoting arts and culture in the state and reignite communication through Yoruba and Ekiti dialect, stressing… August 19, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, on Monday banned state government officials and other participants from speaking the English language at cultural and traditional functions. Fayemi said his government is desirous of promoting arts and culture in the state and reignite communication through Yoruba and Ekiti dialect, stressing… August 19, 2019 In "News" Gov. Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti has banned the use of English language as a means of communication during any traditional events in any part of the state. The governor, who gave the directive on Monday in Ado-Ekiti during the First Ekiti State Arts and Culture Stakeholders’ Forum, said it has… August 20, 2019 In "News"