 The president-general Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, Okechukwu Isiguzoro, faults the Kaduna state governor, Mallam Nashir El Rufai’s call for an end to presidential zoning. Isiguzoro in a statement on Friday, August 16, said that that Zoning formula had existed between north and south since 1999, Vanguard reports. He said: “El Rufai was a major beneficiary of zoning arrangement in 2015 Guber elections in Kaduna, now he wants to thwart the glaring opportunities for a Nigerian president of Igbo stock in 2023.” Isiguzoro also alleged that the Kaduna state governor wants to be the running mate to a Christian pastor who is “studying the body language of the president to know how to navigate the storm at the appropriate time”. He said that “Christians prayers from Southern Kaduna will never allow him to succeed in his presidential project”. The Ohanaeze youth leader added that exchanging Igbo 2023 presidency for Ruga settlements is a joke. He claimed that credible Northern groups have already asked the southeast to bring forth a presidential candidate that “will rejig Nigeria’s potentials back on track”. “We wish to debunk any insinuation and fears in some quarters that the north will use suspended Ruga settlements as a bait to negotiate with Southern Nigeria especially Igbos on 2023. Igbo presidency project in exchange for Ruga settlements as not only a huge joke but total fallacy, from assurances from credible and prominent northern groups, what is expected of Igbos is to bring on the best presidential material either a sitting governor or a former governor from the southeast that will rejig Nigeria’s potentials back on track as truly as Giant of Africa not standing on mosquitoes legs,” he said. The post Igbo 2023 Presidency In Exchange For Ruga Settlements Huge Joke – Ohanaeze Source: Independent The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, Worldwide on Friday insisted that the supposed agenda of the Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 is dead on arrival. OYC was emphatic that El-Rufai’s presidential ambition was doomed to fail due to the prayers of Southern Kaduna… August 16, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide,Â  Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro has said that the Igbos will benefit more in President Mohammadu Buhari second term administration. According to Isiguzoro, who made the statement said the people of south-east this time around did not put their eggs in one basket as… February 28, 2019 In "News" The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, Worldwide on Friday insisted that the supposed agenda of the Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 is dead on arrival. OYC was emphatic that El-Rufai’s presidential ambition was doomed to fail due to the prayers of Southern Kaduna… August 16, 2019 In "News"