 Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Monday appointed new ministers,
as part of “the process of renovation, rectification and change” in
the government, according to Plegnlish.com reports. “I decided to appoint a group of professionals with vast experience
and high social awareness to major responsibilities for the
comprehensive development of the country,” the president posted on
Twitter. In order to consolidate urban and periurban agricultural development,
Maduro appointed Vanesa Montero as minister for Urban Agriculture, “a
major task in this period of economic aggression” against the country,
he noted. The head of State also announced the creation of the Ministry of
Tourism and Foreign Trade, which will be headed by Felix Plasencia,
“who will have the responsibility of boosting tourist development and
international investment in Venezuela,” Maduro pointed out. “I also appointed Admiral Gilberto Pinto Blanco to head the Ministry
of Ecological Mining Development and take it to the highest level of
efficiency. His experience and academic training will contribute to
boosting the development” of the sector, the president added. Asia Villegas remains at the helm of the Ministry for Women and Gender
Equality, with the task of fostering the mechanisms for women’s
inclusion and protection. Attorney Cesar Trompiz was given ‘the strategic mission of putting the
public university educational system at the service of the nation’s
greatest interests,’ as he was appointed Minister of University
Education. The Ministry of Public Works was assigned to Division General Raul
Alfonso. “His extraordinary work in the Barrio Nuevo, Barrio Tricolor
Great Mission will contribute to development and the maintenance of
the country’s infrastructures,” added the president, who also
appointed Oswaldo Barbera as Minister for Ecosocialism. “On behalf of the Venezuelan people, I appreciate the loyalty and
commitment of the patriots who headed those spaces, fulfilling a great
work at the service of the homeland. New missions will come soon that
I am certain that they will accomplish with the same dedication,”
Maduro concluded. The post Venezuelan President Reshuffles Ministerial Cabinet  Source: Independent