 YENAGOA – Academic and other activities have been paralysed at the Federal University, Otuoke (FUO) and the Bayelsa State-owned Niger Delta University (NDU) following the one-week warning strike started on Monday by the Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) and the Senior Staff Association of Universities (SSANU). It was gathered on Tuesday that members of the NASU and the SSANU were staying away from work in compliance with the directive of the national secretariats of the two unions. A student of the FUO who identified herself simply as Happiness, said the workers’ action “is making things difficult for us students” and appealed to the two unions to “consider those of us who are poor students.” Mr. Kalizibe Joseph, the SSANU chairman, FUO chapter, described the impact of the strike in the university as total and comprehensive. He said that members of the unions were ready to carry out directives in the interest of the unions and the workers. The post SSANU, NASU Strike Paralyses Activities At FUO, NDU  Source: Independent The warning strike by non-academic staff of universities on Tuesday gained more ground at the Lagos State University (LASU), as the workers fully complied with the strike directive. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the five-day nationwide strike began on Monday. Mr Saheed Oseni, Chairman, Senior Staff Association… August 20, 2019 In "News" By Bukola Idowu, Lagos – Virtually all universities across the country were shut down yesterday in compliance with the directive of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of their unions to embark on strike action to press home their demand. The JAC, the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), Non… December 5, 2017 In "News" LAGOS – Comrade Samson Ugwoke, the Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Non-Academic Staff Unions (NASU) in the universities, on Sunday, insists that members of the three staff unions will proceed with the proposed nationwide strike from Monday, August 19, 2019. According to Ugwoke, the Senior Staff Association of… August 19, 2019 In "News"