 Even if you’ve never specifically heard the term “strategic thinker,” there’s still an excellent chance you might be one. Strategic thinking is the type of mindset required to analyze the present and shape the future, not just for you, but for the organization you represent. The following 10 signs and characteristics will help paint the picture of what separates this type of thinker from the rest of the pack. 1. You’re Prone to Self-Reflection
Do you regularly find yourself reflecting on tasks you’ve completed, conversations you’ve had or experiences you wish had gone differently? One of the hallmarks of strategic thinking is the ability to unpack an event after the fact, dissect it to understand it fully and then internalize that knowledge so you can do better next time. It’s not about beating yourself up for a previous mistake — it’s about living in key moments a little longer than others, so you can understand the bigger picture and commit to improvement. 2. Duplication of Effort Frustrates You
Duplication of effort is where two or more parties perform the same work, or some of the same tasks, and end up wasting time and resources. One way the modern workplace creates this type of redundancy is with poor communication. Sending an email blast to an entire team or company might put an emerging problem on the radar for your point of contact. But it might also cause two or three other people to work on a resolution simultaneously. If you’ve ever found yourself grinding your teeth about this kind of avoidable waste of effort, you might be prone to strategic thinking. 3. You Ask More Questions Than Most
When our senses aren’t enough to make sense of something, we fall back on asking questions. But not everybody bothers with this or knows how to do it effectively, preferring to make assumptions or to leap first and ask questions later. But there’s nothing strategic about that. Instead, a strategic thinker is already working ahead to understand context, head off any problems that might arise down the road and make sure everybody involved understands what needs doing and why. Strategic thinkers ask questions like: “Why is this issue important to us? What factors led to this decision? What’s our desired outcome, and who stands to benefit? Who will this decision affect? What will this mean for the team one month from now?” And maybe most importantly: “If this doesn’t work, what’s our fallback plan?” 4. You Easily Compartmentalize Distractions
Crunch time is what separates strategic thinkers from those who are merely pretending. Think back to the last time you had to juggle several tasks or had multiple deadlines approaching quickly. Did you feel overwhelmed? Did you need help figuring out which work to move to the front burner and which could wait? Probably not. If you’re a strategic thinker, you probably find it easy to compartmentalize your many responsibilities and push distractions aside to focus on what’s immediately relevant or whatever is the highest priority. Others might shut down mentally or even start to panic at the thought of seeing multiple projects through to completion at once, or in quick succession. But not you. 5. You’re Decisive When You Need to Be
There’s a notable difference between being decisive and being rash. Strategic thinking requires the former. Everybody knows accomplishing anything worthwhile requires that we make decisions along the way. But it takes a strategic thinker to gather the necessary information efficiently, keep a cool head and refuse to allow the weight of that decision to paralyze you. Decisiveness takes equal measures of confidence and knowledge. 6. You Regularly Set Goals for Yourself
Goals are about never settling for “good enough,” and so is strategic thinking. Setting goals doesn’t come naturally to everybody, though. You have to be able to break down major goals into discrete tasks. And you need to know why something is worth the time it takes to improve it. If you delight in setting personal and professional goals for yourself, it means you have your eye on the future — and it likely indicates you have what it takes to think strategically. 7. You Enjoy Helping Others Do Their Best Work
Executing on any strategy requires us to surround ourselves with people who understand the culture and the mission, and who know how to rise above challenges to get the work done. But realistically, you know everyone falls short from time to time or needs a helping hand. Strategic thinkers are people who delight in helping others do their best work and reach their fullest potential. 8. You Welcome and React to Feedback
The flip side of the coin from helping others do their best work is accepting help when others want to help us do ours. It’s easy to assume we know what’s best or believe our work is unimpeachable. Keeping an open mind and a collaborative spirit means everybody can speak respectfully and plainly in the interest of realizing across-the-board improvements. 9. You Speak Deliberately
Communication is of the utmost importance when it comes to realizing our goals. Strategic thinkers are those who impart information clearly and deliberately, preventing questions or second-guessing later on. Plus, having and executing a strategy requires us to be able to explain it to others and secure their emotional buy-in. 10. You Plan Your Career in Months and Years, Not Days
Do you live in the moment, or do you regularly imagine where you’ll be standing, and who you’ll be, in one year or even five years’ time? Do you think about what your job will have in store for you next week, and begin doing the groundwork today? Or do you look forward to your time outside of work, but don’t worry much beyond that? If you’re strategy-minded in one area of your life, you probably carry that trait over to other areas, too. And that’s one of the beautiful things about investing in this group of skills: you emerge not just a better employee or member of your organization, but a better-rounded person in general. The post 10 Signs You Are A Strategic Thinker Source: Independent