Are you a movie buff? Have you ever downloaded a movie or rushed to the cinema in excitement to see a film and it leaves you extremely disappointed? Trust me, you’re not alone. Though what we consider good or bad movies is relative, there are helpful ways to be aware of what to expect before seeing any movie. One of such ways is by checking reputable movie review sites for public opinion, particularly by professionals. Here are seven top movie review sites you should consider checking out before rushing to the cinema – to avoid stories that touch. 1.  Rotten Tomatoes Arguably the least patronising movie review site, Rotten Tomatoes has attracted a love-hate relationship with movie makers due to its impact on the movie industry. The website gathers reviews from top publications and then averages out their scores – rating movies from ‘fresh’ to ‘rotten’. It is a reliable platform to gauge the quality of a film before you decide to watch. 2. Meta Critic Meta Critic operates similarly to Rotten Tomatoes. It aggregates reviews by various independent publications and rates the movie by giving it a score out of 100. The site also has a sub section to view their scores of other film publications. 3. IMDB IMDB is highly effective when seeking various opinions on a particular movie, as there are countless user reviews of each film title, ranging from a 1-star review up to a 10. 4. Yahoo! Movies One other way to have fairly good idea about a film’s quality is by seeing the trailer. This, Yahoo! movies offer, as well as information on upcoming film releases and other key information. 5. Film Comment Film Comment offers more academic movie review articles. There is a wide range of articles, reviews and a blog to satisfy your curiosity about a film’s quality. 6. MrQE There are over 100,000 movie reviews and over 900,000 articles on MrQE. The site has reviews from professional publications like New York Times, Newsday and Time Out New York, with urls made available for readers to follow for more information. 7. Roger Ebert Roger Ebert wrote in-depth reviews on nearly every film released before he passed recently. He has an extensive back catalogue of film reviews which movie lovers will find extremely useful for guidance. Try out these movie review sites today and save yourself from time wasters parading as must-watch movies! The post Top Movie Review Sites To Check Out Before Rushing To Cinemas Source: The Net