The&nbsp;Dangote&nbsp;Group is a diversified and fully integrated conglomerate with interests across a range of sectors in Nigeria and Africa. Current interests include Cement, Sugar, Flour, Salt, Pasta, Beverages, Noodles, Poly Products, Transportation and real estate with new initiatives in the Oil and Gas, Telecommunication, Fertilizer and Steel sector of the economy.Job Title: Environmental CoordinatorBusiness: RefineryFuction/Domain: Health and SafetySlot: 2 Openings&nbsp;Position DescriptionThe Project Field Environmental Coordinator will monitor implementation of the project Environmental Management System at site. He/she is responsible for supporting Project Management during the execution phases of the project and providing assistance to them in the interpretation and application of environmental legislation, Group / Project Standards and international best practices applicable to the project by development of project specific management plans. The work environment will consist of a mix of office and field work, with some field work requiring overnight stays.Job ResponsibilitiesCoordinating the project environmental activities performed by the various Functions and Contractors;Act as point of communication between the Project and the external regulators on environmental related matters;Provide expertise to Project Management, on current and emerging environmental issues;Support Project Management to improve the Project Environmental Management System at site;Prepare and distribute Project Environmental Plans, where relevant;Participate in the development of operational and emergency procedures;Develop and deliver training on environmental requirements and management;Ensure the competence of HSE personnel employed on the project;Organize and deliver environmental awareness campaigns, when required;Participate in risk assessments;Assist in the co-ordination of emergency response situations;Attend Project and Contractor meetings, as required;Supervise the activities of site HSE personnel;Conduct regular site environmental inspections;Develop and implement environmental monitoring plans in accordance with regulatory and permit requirements;Review and analyse environmental monitoring data and identify potential issues resulting from data interpretation and analysis; andPrepare and submit environmental progress reports to Project Management and Contractors. Apply at https://ngcareers.com/job/2019-08/environmental-coordinator-at-dangote-group-41/ Source: NG Career The&nbsp;Dangote&nbsp;Group is a diversified and fully integrated conglomerate with interests across a range of sectors in Nigeria and Africa. Current interests include Cement, Sugar, Flour, Salt, Pasta, Beverages, Noodles, Poly Products, Transportation and real estate with new initiatives in the Oil and Gas, Telecommunication, Fertilizer and Steel sector of the… August 3, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Expanse Technology Limited Expanse Technology Limited – We are a small team of designers and developers with a wealth of experience in building digital products. We work with companies on innovative ideas, and partner with them to bring ideas to life. 1. Frontend Developer  Click Here to Read Job Details… August 2, 2019 In "Jobs" The Dangote Group is a diversified and fully integrated conglomerate with interests across a range of sectors in Nigeria and Africa. Current interests include Cement, Sugar, Flour, Salt, Pasta, Beverages, Noodles, Poly Products, Transportation and real estate with new initiatives in the Oil and Gas, Telecommunication, Fertilizer and Steel sector… August 2, 2019 In "Jobs"