 Leeds United deadline day signing Eddie Nketiah believes he has done all he can to push for a starting place in the Whites first team. The 20-year-old, who joined from Arsenal on deadline day, scored on his debut against Fleetwood Town in the Carabao Cup last night. Marcelo Bielsa named a changed side for the first round tie at Moor Lane but the Whites ran out comfortable 3-0 winners. Nketiah opened the scoring late in the first half, tapping in a cross from Helder Costa. Speaking to Leeds Live after the game, the striker discussed his chances of taking Patrick Bamford’s place in the side for the game against Wigan Athletic Saturday. He said: “All I can do is take the opportunity that was given to me today and I feel like I did that. “I tried to work hard and I know there’s a lot more from me to come, from that performance, there’s a lot better. “Hopefully, I’ll look for a Saturday. It was nice to get the goal today, but it’s the manager’s decision for Saturday. “All I can do is work hard in training and I’m sure I’ll get my time eventually.” Nketiah was also quick to praise the Leeds fans after the game. He said: “The fans have been excellent. It’s always nice to have them sing your name and take you in that quickly. “It’s really heart-warming and what they can expect from me is I’m going give my all, 100 percent and I can see they respect that here. “I’m just going to continue to try and do well and hopefully our relationship continues to grow.” Leeds travel to the DW Stadium to face Wigan on Saturday. Championship Picks
The Verdict It is going to be very interesting to see who Bielsa opts for in their Championship tie in the North West. Bamford has drawn some criticism already this season and Nketiah did done no damage to his chances of replacing him with his performance against Salford. The 20-year-old showed some really good movement and will be high on confidence having got off the mark. However, Bielsa may feel he is not yet ready to start against Championship opposition – we will have to wait until Saturday to find out. The post Eddie Nketiah Shares His View On Potential Leeds United Starting Berth Source: Independent Unai Emery has challenged Eddie Nketiah to nail down a place in Arsenal’s starting XI after his impressive performances for the club in pre-season. Nketiah, 20, who made nine appearances for Arsenal last term, scored a brace in the side’s 3-0 win over Fiorentina on Saturday night to make it… July 21, 2019 In "News" Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he is surprised Chelsea allowed Arsenal’s Carabao Cup Fourth Round hero Eddie Nketiah leave the Stamford Bridge. Nketiah, 18, came off the bench against Norwich City with Arsenal 1-0 down, and scored just 15 seconds later with his very first touch, before heading in the… October 25, 2017 In "Sports" Arsenal expect to complete the surprise £8m (€9.5m) signing of David Luiz today in a move that will alleviate their defensive worries. The Chelsea player is expected to sign a two-year deal after undergoing a medical today, with the transfer in line to be formalised before today’s 5pm deadline. Arsenal… August 8, 2019 In "News"