 The Former Director Institute of African Studies, Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Professor Olubanji Akintoye, has proposed that states governors, especially those in the southwest, should be encouraged to promote the establishment of modern ranches by entrepreneurs within the region. He stated this while speaking at peacebuilding and conflict resolution summit in Lagos organised by Journalist for Democratic Rights (JODER). He said that some three or four modern ranches in each of the states will do and that in this way, new businesses and job opportunities will be created for people to produce beef and dairy products for home consumption for export, and eliminate the need for cows reared by herders. “I also propose that we should encourage our governors to promote, urgently, the establishment of modern ranches by our entrepreneurs on our homeland. This should be done with consummate sensitivity to our people’s settlement pattern in our homeland,” he said. Akintoye stated that most of the consequent killings, maiming, raping, and destruction of farms and villages, have been in the homelands of the peoples of the Middle Belt and the South including the Yoruba speaking areas. “Because this generation of ethnic violence started with cattle herders destroying farms and therefore, clashing with farmers, it was generally called herders-farmers conflicts initially. But over time, the true nature of the conflicts has become better known. “For one thing, the cattle herders in these conflicts are not like the traditional cattle herder that is peacefully herding his cattle in the countryside, respecting farms on his way, armed with only a stick, and doing no harm to anybody or any property. “Today’s cattle herder involved in the conflicts is belligerent comes with the obvious intention of guiding his cows to ravage farms, and is accompanied by well-armed, AK 47 rifle carrying, militiamen, who are no cattle herders at all, and who seem to be well trained in military combat. Adding, “When farmers protest or resist the destruction of their farms, the militiamen go into action, killing farmers and farmers’ families, and destroying their villages. These rampages are not directed only at peasant farming; they are also directed at modern large-scale agricultural establishments. They are not directed only at leading cows to ravage farms of arable crops; they are also directed at cutting or burning plantations of tree crops,” he added. Speaking further he emphasised that the attacks were obviously, well-planned and well-coordinated invasion aimed at seizing territories, aimed at disrupting orderly life over some areas in order to seize and occupy the land and ultimately to create Fulani enclaves. “As a result of all these developments, there is growing fear among the people of Lagos City, Lagos State, and all the rest of the Yoruba homeland that some big attack on peace looms over their future. The spirit of self-defence is, therefore, growing very massively. The widespread belief that the Federal Government of Nigeria would not defend the victims of the attack is seriously energizing the growth of the spirit of self-defence. Professor Akintoye, however, that noted that the rampages are imperceptibly but surely adding to poverty in all parts of Nigeria. With farming and travelling being widely disrupted, and with many farmers abandoning farming, Nigeria faces the danger of food insecurity and an escalation in the number of people living in absolute poverty. “Sharp declines in food production in the Middle Belt and in Yorubaland itself could affect Lagos City, Lagos state and the whole of Yorubaland very seriously, and could dramatically degrade the peace of Lagos City, Lagos State and all of Yorubaland,” he added. The post Don Tasks South West Govs On Entrepreneur-Driven Modern Ranch  Source: Independent