Ghanaian based fashion brand Laxiri recently made its debut with a new collection tagged “The Lux in Laxiri“.  According to the statement following the release: The brand Laxiri makes use of varied distinct fabrics outsourced from different ends of the world with the crown aim of attaining perfection in design and fit. With our client’s comfort as a core mandate, a streamlined test proven system is practiced to ensure clients not only are 100% satisfied with the outcome of our tastefully done garments but are also carried along in the creative process.  The debut collection themed “The Lux in Laxiri”, basically represents who we are as a brand. The word “Lux” which is of Latin origin means “light”(a strong beam of radiance that reveals a reflection of who we are on the inside to the outer universe). Silhouettes in this collection represent the core base on which future derivatives will be built. Selected fabrics for the collection range from rich cashmere blends through to cotton and line models in both print and plain colour blocks. To us, the African pride dwells on three major keys; Creativity, Uniqueness & Power, with which when coupled with the brand’s values of Ethnicity, modernity, craftsmanship, and quality, holds as the pillars that hold the house of Laxiri. See the full lookbook below Credits
Brand: @Laxiristudio
Styling & Art director @mr.akuoko The post Menswear Brand Laxiri makes Debut with a Striking African & Cool Collection appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Bespoke womenswear brand Magnetic Elegance chronicles intricate detailing for Spring 2018 Collection Magnetic Elegance makes a case for intricate detailing with debut Ready-To-Wear Spring &apos;18 Collection.The Lagos based bespoke brand shows off handmade intricate beading and embellishments on pieces featured in the collection. Taking inspiration from  Disney Fairies and the… September 14, 2017 In "News" It’s a modern fusion of casual kaftan and print to create timeless fashion that the brand have coined as 'afro-casual'. Nigerian menswear brand YKPclothing founded by Yamai Patrick drops its debut S/S18 collection titled “Music and Heartbeats”.It’s a modern fusion of casual kaftan and print to create timeless fashion. The… March 13, 2018 In "News" Alanis Neka Nwadire is following the footsteps of her mother and older sister, Nancy Nwadire and Destiny Nwadire, the beauty and brains who are behind the fashion houses; Iconic Invanity and DNA by Iconic Invanity respectively. She says her new brand is way beyond just fashion. “It’s about community, family,… June 26, 2019 In "Entertainment"