 Abeokuta – Sons and daughters of Awori Kingdom have celebrated one of their own, Engineer Noimot Salako-Oyedele, as the first Awori Deputy Governor in Ogun State. The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, represented by his wife, Mrs Bamidele Abiodun, at a reception held in honour of his deputy in Lagos, noted that the choice of his running mate from Awori was a right step, expressing optimism that, she would justify the confidence reposed in her. The Wife of the Governor hinted that, though the Deputy Governor was a close childhood friend and a sister dear to her heart, she did not influence her selection, adding that, she was confident in the choice of Engr. Salako-Oyedele, who according to her, would assist her husband in taking the State to a greater pedestal. Responding, the Ogun State Deputy Governor, Engr. Noimot Salako-Oyedele said she was humbled by the honour bestowed on her by the sons and daughters of the Awori Kingdom, appreciating the significance and values which the organizers attached to it. Salako-Oyedele noted that the political tolerance and careful economic plan had made people from other parts of the country identify with the Aworis, adding that they occupied eminent positions in all fields of human endeavour, while their roles in entrenching good democratic principles and processes cannot be ignored. “As an Awori daughter, I will continue to build on the foundation and even carry those virtues beyond. I have been a good ambassador of Aworiland in different areas of life, it is the same spirit of diligence and excellence that I will build upon so that people will know what the Aworis stand for,” she remarked. The Deputy Governor also added that the government was set to bridge the gap of development in all parts of the State, assuring the citizens of government’s unwavering commitment to the policies of the present administration. Also speaking, the Olota of Ota, HRM, Oba (Prof.) Abdulkabir Obalanlege said he had no doubt the celebrant would prove herself worthy as an ambassador and model of Aworiland due to her character, upbringing, intellectual capabilities and exposure, urging the people to cooperate with her to succeed. We all should exhibit a strong demonstration of patience, perseverance, steadfastness, obedient and commitment to help her succeed”, he said. While appreciating the Governor for giving her the opportunity to serve as the Deputy Governor of Ogun State, Chairman of the occasion, Senator Akin Odunsi, said the event was an avenue to rekindle the Oduduwa  heritage, appealing to Awori sons and daughters  to support their daughter, to make her tenure peace  successful, in order to claim all lost grounds. In his goodwill message, Asiwaju Olawale-Cole, described Salako- Oyedele, as a silent achiever of repute, who had been a worthy ambassador, adding that her over three decades of professionalism and excellence was worthy of commendation. The President, Awori Welfare Association of Nigeria (AWAN), Chief Solomon Ojolowo, enjoined all Awori descendants to unite in championing the cause of Awori nation and promoting its progress and development. The post Aworis Honour Ogun Deputy Governor Source: Independent