 Sen. Nicholas Tofowomo, representing Ondo South Senatorial District, has reiterated his commitment to the development of his Senatorial district. The Senator made this promise to residents of the district on Wednesday in Okitipupa while rounding off his “Thank You Visit” to the district. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Tofowomo toured the six local government areas of Odigbo, Irele, Ile-Oluji/Oke-Igbo, Ese-Odo, Ilaje and Okitipupa to thank people of the area for voting him as their representative in the hallowed chamber. Tofowomo, who said that he had engaged 49 statutory aides picked across the district who would be earning not less than N50,000 monthly, also disclosed that he had begun the construction of a constituency office in Ore. He said that he would also ensure that youths from the area were gainfully employed in federal agencies as soon as there were vacancies. Tofowomo also promised to ensure that the ongoing electrification projects in the district were completed. He said that he would ensure that the district, especially Ore, reclaimed its position as the commercial hub in the state. “I am here to thank you for voting me as your representative during the election and standing by me ever since then, I say thank you all. “You have made your own sacrifice to vote for me and this is the time for me to reciprocate to you and I promise never to renege on all my electioneering promises. “I have since signed on 49 non-statutory aides selected across the district. More employments are coming to our youths at the federal parastatals when the slots are available. “Our constituency office will soon be commissioned in Ore. The ongoing uncompleted electrification project will be completed as well as other projects that will benefit you all. “The Southern Senatorial District is the goose that lays the golden eggs for the state, but there is nothing to show for it. “However, I promise to return the South to the its former status as the state’s economic hub, and at the end, I will leave the district better than I met it,” Tofowomo said., He sought for the prayers and cooperation of residents for him to be successful in the bid to reclaim the lost glory of the district and be able to make impact on the lives of downtrodden. NAN reports that the Senator was received by teeming youths, women and chieftains of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The post Ondo Senator Reiterates Commitment To Developing His District  Source: Independent