 Abuja – Newly-appointed Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aragbesola has said that the Interior Ministry under his watch would pursue a new agenda under the acronym, SET ( Security, Economy and Transparency, vowing to propose same for the federal government. He made the disclosure Friday while on a familiarization visits to two of parastatals under his Ministry, the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDS and Nigeria Immigration Service, NIS. Aregbesola maintained that the essence of governance is the guarantee of security and safety of the lives of the Nigerian people, promising to contribute his quota towards the improvement of the nation’s internal security. He underscored the imperative of inter-agency collaboration and cooperation of the security agencies in the area of intelligence gathering. The minister promised to work on build enduring synergy among agencies in his Ministry, the Police and other security agencies in the country in intelligence sharing, so as to improve on the security situation in the country. “As a result of our commitment to a proactive security agenda for the country, we are going to set up an early warning-alarm system in all the geopolitical zones, in other to nip in the bud any security breach before it happens”. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Barr. Georgina Ekeoma Ehuriah, MON, said that given the achievements the minister recorded as Governor in the State of Osun, his sojourn in the Ministry would be an eventful that benefit Nigeria. Also speaking Commandant General of NSCDC, Abdullahi Muhammadu, expressed the readiness of his agency to provide the needed intelligence toward attaining the proactive action demanded by the Minister The minister also stopped over at the Immigration where he reinstated his commitment to institute a culture of rewarding excellence and charged the agency not to retrogress from the flagship security agency that it has become.
A late statement by Mohammad Mamza said Ogbeni Aragbesola was also conducted round the NIS headquarters by the Comptroller General Muhammad Babandede, who said the agency can easily now register and data-capture all immigrants in the country. He also informed the Minister that passport can now be issued within 48 hours of application. The post Aregbesola Advocates SET As Security Agenda For Nigeria, Interior Ministry  Source: Independent