 DAMATURU – The Yobe state Ministry of Health, World Health Organisation and malaria consortium,are delivering seasonal malaria prophylaxis to nearly 190,000 children aged 03 – 59 months across sixty wards of Yusufari, Tarmuwa, Bade, Machina, Nguru and Karasuwa local government areas (LGAs). The targeted local councils reported highest malaria cases in 2018 in the State. Yobe is one of three states mostly affected by the current humanitarian emergencies in north-east Nigeria. More than two-thirds of health facilities in the state are partially or not functioning leading to weakened healthcare service delivery, according to WHO health resources availability mapping system (HeRAMS) and malaria burden in 2018 was 70% among vulnerable populations that include children under five and pregnant women. Besides, malaria accounts for more than half of all deaths recorded in North East Nigeria compared to other causes including cholera, measles and hepatitis E. The seasonal malaria chemoprevention campaign being currently implemented at this auspicious time aims at maintaining an adequate level of antimalarial medicine concentration in targeted children in order to kill any malaria parasites during this period of high malaria transmission. The officer-in-charge (OiC) of WHO Nigeria, Dr Clement Peter, reiterated that WHO’s recommendation for seasonal malaria chemoprevention (SMC) campaign across the Sahel sub-region of Africa has proven to be an effective and evidence based intervention against malaria. “Effective administration of SMC for up to four cycles during the peak of malaria transmission season among children aged 03–59 months could reduce malaria morbidity and mortality significantly,” said Dr Peter. Representing the coordinator of the National Malaria Elimination Programme at the flag-off ceremony of the first SMC campaign in Gashua, Bade council, the malaria programme officer, Salisu Abdullahi Bogdoiri emphasized the import of the exercise. “With the seasonal malaria chemoprevention campaign coming barely one month after the mass distribution of long lasting insecticide nets, we expect that cases of malaria morbidity and mortality among children in Yobe state will decline.” The post Yobe, WHO Move To Free 200,000 Children From Malaria Source: Independent