 Abiola Adegbite, the Senior Sales Director, West Africa for Sage, in this interview with IKECHI NZEAKO, spoke about how small businesses can reduce costs and stay in business, and other issues. Excerpts: What can small businesses really do to reduce costs? Small businesses need to keep their costs low. Salaries are usually the biggest expense, but there are ways to manage them. For instance, you can hire interns. There’s a benefit for all parties involved: the intern may be a recent graduate seeking to gain valuable experience and small businesses stand to save the cost of hiring a more experienced, full-time employee. As a small business, you need to be very smart about your hires as they have a direct impact on business performance. They must take their time and ensure the business grows organically rather than just bringing in a lot of people when there is no cash flow to sustain it. That will create a lot of problems later and will mean the business will become unsustainable. What are the other ways? They can also do what I call ‘guerrilla marketing’ and less traditional marketing by taking advantage of digital marketing. There is also something we call in-bound marketing, a business strategy that attracts customers by creating valuable content and experiences tailored to them. If a small business has a blog, they may write content about helping people solve problems, which may come up during a Google search. This is one way to gain traffic in a very cost-effective way. Small businesses need to be reachable. These days, some people invest in their social media platforms like Instagram and less in brick and mortar. With a website, you stand to benefit from generating business leads without having to deal with customers in person. There is a lot of mileage you can get through this. The last is that you must spend less time on admin. How can small businesses use accounting products like Sage to minimise costs? Sage is the market leader for cloud business management solutions. We help businesses of all sizes manage everything from money to people. Our mission is to free small business owners from the burden of admin, so they can spend more time doing what they love. A lot of small businesses have their books in disarray. Sometimes, they don’t even have a clear picture of who owes them and all that. That is where Sage comes in to help the small businesses. What is the role of small businesses in an economy like Nigeria? There are over 37 million small businesses in Nigeria and they provide about 82% of jobs in the country. Our solutions can help them create more employability. For example, if a small business uses Sage software, it aligns them with the accountant. One of the key features of the software is its mobility as you can access it on your phone. You and your accountant can interact virtually because you are working on the same books. Reconciliation becomes automatic because you are not trying to do them manually. It is not taking away the job of the accountant, but rather making his or her work easier. When you have more time because you are spending less time on admin, it also gives you more time to become productive, which makes you more profitable so you can hire more people, thereby boosting the employment rate in the country. Why do you organise seminars for small businesses? We have a philosophy of customers for life. It is not about selling to people; we want to help people. For instance, we have a network of accountants through which we work with our customers and provide value-added services to them. When we organise such seminars, we also try to provide education for our customers. Our goal is to bring ourselves, the accountants and the customers together to work together to get the best value. The conferences are a value-added service to our customers so they can extract the best from their businesses. What is our assessment of the small business environment in Nigeria? It is an environment filled with so much opportunity. Small businesses are the backbone of the economy. As I mentioned earlier, 82 per cent of employment in Nigeria is from small businesses. When you talk of business in Nigeria, you may look at big banks, big communication firms or big software firms. But how many people do we employ compared to the small businesses? The small business environment has more potential and contributes significantly to employment, and I can see the efforts of government in the areas of agriculture to empower small businesses. You can see some micro loans are being provided here and there. For me, the challenges they face are in the areas of financial inclusion, energy and infrastructure. If all these things are provided, small businesses have the potential to do more and contribute more significantly to job creation. If you were the President of Nigeria, what areas would you focus on in order to grow small businesses? The major area that I would tackle is business education and financial inclusion as access to capital is a huge problem. If you look at other African countries like Kenya, they have done these things very well. I would make sure access to capital is easily accessible for small businesses and that the lending rate is competitive. Another area is financial education. I currently volunteer through Sage Foundation to teach financial education for small businesses. I run a programme for aspiring entrepreneurs. During the process, I’ve discovered that a lot of these passionate small business owners gain some benefits when they are taught about the fundamentals of small businesses. They are educated about things like how to write a business plan, how to seek funding, how to manage their inflows and outflows, how to use software to automate their businesses, among others. Financial education and business education are very important, followed by basic infrastructure that will empower every sector of the economy in Nigeria. If we can tackle these areas, we would have gone a long way to turn the economy around. The post How Small Businesses Can Reduce Costs –Adegbite Source: Independent