 ADO-EKITI – The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has expressed concern over the alleged indifference of the Federal Government in the crises bedeviling the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE) The ASUU leaders in Akure Zone, during a press briefing at the Ekiti State University, also expressed regrets that the various allegations of administrative infractions raised against FUOYE under Professor Kayode Soremekun were yet to receive the attention of the management as well as government at the centre. At the briefing jointly addressed by ASUU chairmen in FUTA, OAU, EKSU and FUOYE, the unionists cited the alleged arbitrary suspension and dismissal of their members by Soremekun. Led by the zonal chairman, Professor Olu-Olu Olufayo, ASUU hinted that the allegation of double salary being received by a top official of FUOYE had been established by the union and that no step had been taken by the management. The VC, in his response, dismissed all allegations, insisting that all the appointments, promotions and recruitments done by the management were ratified by the Governing Council, describing the accusations as coming from those who had little knowledge about how the university was being operated. The post ASUU Worried Over FG’s Silence On Ekiti Federal Varsity Crisis Source: Independent The Academic Staff Union of Universities(ASUU), Akure Zone, has accused the Federal Government of alleged docility and compromise over allegations of illegal promotions and arbitrary sack of staff being perpetrated by the management of the Federal University, Oye Ekiti(FUOYE). The academic body particularly said some academic staff of the university… August 19, 2019 In "News" The Academic Staff Union of Universities(ASUU), Akure Zone, has accused the Federal Government of alleged docility and compromise over allegations of illegal promotions and arbitrary sack of staff being perpetrated by the management of the Federal University, Oye Ekiti(FUOYE). The academic body particularly said some academic staff of the university… August 19, 2019 In "News" Chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Federal University Oye-Ekiti (FUOYE) chapter, Dr. Akinyemi Omonijo, yesterday escaped impeachment. According to the members, he defied the congress and held a press briefing where he misrepresented events that took place in the university, especially the issue of infrastructure. He was… November 2, 2018 In "News"