 Music star Tekno recently announced that he’s left Made Men Music Group (Triple MG), saying his contract expired and he’s established his own label – Cartel Music. In his farewell message to him, Triple MG CEO, Ubi Franklin praised Tekno’s talent and self-confidence, and wished him well in his new endeavour. Ubi posted on his Instagram page, a phot of himself and Tekno, and wrote: 5 years ago I was asked why I was signing you.
Because they saw you as rude and arrogant, my reply then was Talent and self-confidence most times comes out as rude and I believe the results show today that I wasn’t wrong.
Most of the issues I had from that day with the former was because I took that decision to sign this great talent. One of the successful growth of Made Men Music is as a direct result of your outstanding talents, Your dedication and commitment to the label is priceless. Congratulations Tekno! This is a significant year for you as you celebrate an important part of your career. And as you reach this milestone with MadeMen Records, it is with great pride that I say I appreciate your outstanding exemplary character. This message reflects my appreciation for your dedicated years of service and is a symbol of your personal and professional commitment and loyalty to the label. Outstanding talents like you are and always will be my greatest asset. I always believed in you. Please know that you are an important member of the Made Men Music Group for life and your abilities and contributions is an important part of our continued success. Thank you Tekno for all that you do and please accept my good wishes on your new career journey.
It’s a Family Thing
Congratulations CARTEL MUSIC
@teknoofficial Tekno in turn also shared the same photo, with the caption: We had fun, we made money @ubifranklintriplemg family forever The post “I always believed in you”: Read Ubi Franklin’s Farewell Message to Tekno appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Tekno is telling it all in this interview with Daddy Freeze. He opened up on why he went on break, explaining that he cracked his voice while performing one day and things went downhill from there. He said he flew to London when things got serious, and then to the… August 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" This isn’t a bad song. There’s enough quality in the music to consider it a good song. But is it the best jam Wizkid and Tekno can make? Tekno and Wizkid linked together in what is supposed to be one of Nigeria’s strongest collaborations, and the result isn’t their strongest… November 13, 2017 In "News" Eyewitnesses on ground in Dubai have revealed the cause of fracas that allegedly happened between pop stars Davido and Wizkid after Thursday’s One Africa Music Fest  Concert in Dubai- and it has nothing to do with the simmering beef between the two of them.   New video shows Wizkid and… November 17, 2017 In "News"