 After shutting down Lincoln Center, Nigerian singer, Adekunle Gold went all emotional on Instagram as he revealed how grateful he is to his fans for showing up for him tonight. In this heartfelt post, Adekunle opened up that he had performed in Lincoln Centre before, precisely three years ago, and he had struggled to get even 40 people in the building and now, three years later, the same place is filled to capacity with people who came to watch him perform. Adekunle Gold He said; In a way, I’m grateful that it rained because your presence despite the elements reaffirmed God’s and your love for me. 
3yrs ago in this same city, I couldn’t get more than 40 of you in a room, and looking at this picture, I’m humbled guys. 
I am truly honored to have been on that stage and grateful to the ones that made it happen. @okayafrica@abiolaoke @seenahgee and the many of you too numerous to mention. 
Thank you, Thank you, we packed and filled the @lincolncenter to the brim. . Thank you!
 @apmworldmag His post is a clear case of his song ‘IRE’… the grass is definitely greener when you water it and his watering has brought hundreds of fans to watch him perform when he couldn’t get forty before… “If I had known, the life I was searching for, was looking me right in the eye o” The post Adekunle Gold Shares Emotional Post After Shutting Down Lincoln Center appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay Almost a year ago, Afro-soul singer Adekunle Gold held his first headline show for Lagos fans. It was well attended and fans had a swell time. (A review of the show is here). This year, he’s taking a cue from fans that begged for more by returning with a three-day… November 23, 2018 In "News" Nigerian singer and songwriter; Adekunle Gold has finally spoken up since the demise of his father Prince Hakeem Adeyemi Kosoko who died the 27th of May, 2019 and was buried Two days later. Finally speaking about his loss, the musician expressed his hurt as he penned down an emotional tribute… June 9, 2019 In "News" Adekunle Gold was the guest in the first ever episode of British-Nigeria journalist Tobi Rachel Akingbade‘s Yellow Cup Podcast and he talked about his thoughts on Beyonce’s latest album “The Lion King: The Gift” where the pop icon featured several Nigerian and African stars; his weirdest experience with a fan;… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"