 Abuja – The Islamic Movement of Nigeria  ( IMN ) on Wednesday in Abuja raised a fresh alarm over the health and safety of their spiritual leader, Ibraheem El-Zakzaky in Mendota hospital India saying his life is in danger. The movement alleged that the Nigerian government in collaboration with the Indian government prevented the personal doctor of  El-Zakzaky to treat him.  That the two countries have colluded in arranging for another doctor through the back. The group said that they could no longer guarantee the safety of his life and wife in as security that escorted him had refused to allow him to have access to his personal physician. The group made the allegation at a press conference addressed by the Spokesperson of the group, Abdullahi Musa said that the Indian government has given him 2hours ultimatum to decide to be treated in the hospital as criminal or leave the country. Musa said that since his arrival at the hospital he has not been allowed to see his doctor who was also part of the team that examined him in Nigeria. He added that the doctor was prevented from gaining access to where he ( El-Zakyzaky ) was being kept incommunicado in the hospital. Daily Independent gathered that the Islamic scholar has vowed not to be treated by the strange doctor brought by the Nigerian government. According to him ” Sheikh Zakzaky himself in an audio clip from the hospital indicate that the security agents are colluding with foreign security agents believed to be working for the interest of American government thereby violating the Nigerian Court ruling. ” Earlier, even before the Sheikh arrived at the hospital, we gathered from a competent source that officials of the American embassy in India instructed management of the hospital not to admit the Sheikh there for treatment. ” They refused to allow the doctors he requested to treat him and his wife access to them completely ” He also alleged that the security operatives have seized the mobile phones of his families members who were with him in the hospital, therefore, keeping them incommunicado. IMN noted that they had it on a reliable source that the doctors were waiting to receive the Sheikh to save his life but American secret agents have threatened the hospital officials not to go ahead to treat the Sheikh at the hospital. The post  BREAKING: Shiites Raise Fresh Alarm On Threat To El-Zakyzaky’s Life In Indian Hospital Source: Independent Jide Oyekunle Abuja –Followers of Ibraheem El-Zakyzaky have accused the Nigerian government and American secret agents of frustrating the medical treatment of their leader at Madenta Hospital in New Delhi, India. El-Zakzaky departed Nigeria on Monday to India aboard Emirates Airline and was escorted by o National Intelligence Agency (… August 13, 2019 In "News" The Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN), otherwise known as Shi'ia sect, has raised the alarm over a fresh plot to assassinate its leader, Sheikh Ibraheem El-Zakzaky, in detention. IMN also debunked a media report that the movement had predicted that President Muhammadu Buhari would lose election in major parts of the… February 7, 2019 In "Gists" Members of the Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN), popularly known as Shiites, are on war path. They have been protesting the continued detention of their leader, Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenah, for over four years. Although, there were some court orders to the effect that he and his detained… July 14, 2019 In "News"