 Lagos – Danladi Pasali, chieftain  of All Progressives Congress (APC) and National Chairman, Buhari Campaign Organization (BCO) in the last general elections has described as enemies of peace in the country, all those who have complained that the directive by President Muhammadu  Buhari to the military to be ruthless on bandits can lead to jungle justice. The politician had, in a chat with Daily Independent on Sunday, said that it was very clear that those people who had problems with the directive to the military are people who had been paid and sponsored to cause chaos in the country. He said it was worrisome that the same people who had accused the president of being too slow in handling criminality across the country were the same people crying woefully when the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces wanted to use his authority to deal with bandits and criminals in the North. Pasali said it had become clear to them that they would be arrested once they were caught; that was why they were uncomfortable with a directive that should be a welcome development. He pointed out that such people were aware that they would no longer have any hiding place which was the reason they had started complaining. He said: “Mr president has addressed 15 officers and 160 soldiers of the 17th Army Brigade and Nigeria Air force 213 operational base in Katsina and this group works under operation Hadarin  Daji. “They have been told not to spare  any bandit but identify, pursue them to anywhere, find them and eliminate them. It is a very clear instruction and he said that he had confidence that they were going to achieve that. “The expectation should have been for every Nigerian to be happy that banditry would soon be removed from our land and people would be free to live without fear of being kidnapped but strangely you would find some people complain that it would lead to jungle justice and extra-judicial killings. “The people who are saddled with the responsibility are professionals and they know exactly what to do. You can see from such comments that it would be very difficult to please some people who have ulterior motives. We have lost so many lives to banditry in the North and our desire is to see an end to criminality.  We expect sincere citizens to be happy with that”  he said The post Those Against President’s Directive On Banditry Are Enemies Of Peace – Pasali  Source: Independent