Silverwood School, Maryland Lagos is a Creche, Nursery & Primary School with contemporary teaching facilities, a retinue of professional management and teaching staff who ensure that pupils live our motto of: Learn Today, Lead Tomorrow. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Paykobo.com is a leading e-commerce retailer that is into manufacturing, marketing and sales of data card and sales of wide ranges of technology products. Also, helps customers with sourcing technology requirements from all over the world. The company has served and is serving over 200million customers and more. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Sightsavers is an international organisation that changes lives for the long term. We work in more than 30 countries to eliminate avoidable blindness and support people with visual impairments to live independently. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot : 7 Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Newly Recommended Job Vacancies at Paykobo.com, Silverwood School, Maryland & Sightsavers Nigeria (Over 20+ Job Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria (A). Weatherford Nigeria Weatherford is one of the largest multinational oilfield service companies providing innovative solutions, technology and services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates in over 90 countries and has a network of approximately 800 locations, including manufacturing, service, research and development, and training facilities. 1. Account Manager… August 14, 2019 In "Jobs" 1. Ongoing Recruitment at Pruvia Integrated Limited (8 Positions) Pruvia Integrated Limited – We are general service merchants with a strong desire to ensure customer satisfaction in the midst of efficient and effective service delivery. We offer a wide range of services. 1. Sales Executive Officer Click Here to Read Job Details… June 25, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Compovine Technologies Limited Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. 1. Graphics… August 12, 2019 In "Jobs"