 Calabar – All Progressive Congress (APC) stalwart in Cross River State James Ebri has condemned what the Head of Service of the Federation, Mrs Winifred Oyo-Ita, is being made to pass through, saying that she is a victim of a witch-hunt by Aso Rock cabal. Ebri who is a one-time governorship candidate in Cross River State for the defunct political party founded by the noble laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, Democratic Front for Peoples’ Federation (DFPF) said, I have read the story on quizzing of the Head of Service, Oyo-Ita. It looks like a situation where somebody is trying to fish for dirt. We know who could possibly set her up.” “Secondly when did we start looking for Fronts on contracts properly executed, or finding out contracts awarded to friends and colleagues using fronts. I think the Government needs to set up a body to look into the use of fronts for contracts by highly placed officials and let us see how many of them will escape indictment. Witch-hunting is bad”. He added, “When we go the issue of DTA (Duty Tour Allowance): that is an administrative thing that can be handled by laid down service procedure. If somebody took an excessive TDA, they will write to you and let you know that you took too more. And you will have to respond. It may not be criminal, maybe the way it was done make not be right and you are expected to correct it and even refund to excess amount.” “On the N3billion they are alleging that she was fronting for someone and some ministers, not even in his current position, but when she was Permanent Secretary Ministry of Special Duties during Johnathan’s administration. The was a Minister as head of the ministry, being Kabiru Turami SAN, and the entire Budget of the ministry was N3billion. Why are they trying to rubbish her and leaving out the head of the ministry”. “From what they are even saying, there is no direct money linked to her account, they are looking at other people’s account and calling her name instead. I am worried that this thing is becoming a pattern against people that are from the minority area of the country, they cannot fault her in the current job she is doing, they have gone looking for any possible mistake that can be linked and robbed on her”. Visibly displeased Ebri further noted, “So many of us are projecting APC anti-corruption stance and if we see that the thing or approach is correctly followed, we will support it. Especially this happening shortly after the case of the former Chief Judge of Nigeria from CRS, removed for what had to do with code of conduct issues. Is it not the same code of conduct matter that they used against the former Senate President for over three years; they could not remove him. The former CJN from the minority was removed over just a period of months,” he concluded. Another reaction from some concerned Cross Riverians through a statement shared with the media by one William Eko noted that the “N600m was found in the account of the Project Accountant, Office of Head of Civil Service of the Federation”. “This is already undergoing investigation. The officer a GL 12 cadre reports to the Director Finance & Administration, who reports to the Permanent Secretary, who reports to the HOS. Where’s the Conspiracy theory coming from and who are the Co-conspirators? The Project Accountant IS NOT THE HOS’ AIDE,” the emphasized. “It would be useful to know the scale of DTA or Estacode ‘fraud’. The headlines talk of #3Bn fraud. N3bn was the total annual budget for the Ministry of Special Duties. So the Estacode /duty tour allowance certainly could NOT have taken up the whole budget of N3bn. Didn’t the Ministry have recurrent expenditure, staff training, capital expenditure, etc to attend to? So there’s nothing like N3bn fraud”. They further noted “very ready, able and willing allies of the Chief of Staff to the President who are ranking Federal Permanent Secretaries are eyeing the HOS’ seat as a replacement. She is 55 and has 5 more years to retirement, for goodness sake. Is PUSHING HER, a civil servant with a stellar career at both state and federal level in both the private and public sector, OUT the only way of GETTING HER OUT?” The post Oyo-Ita, Victim Of Witch-hunt By Aso Rock Cabal – Ebri Source: Independent