 NGOZI UMA LAGOS – Bishop James Odedeji, the Lord Bishop, Diocese of Lagos West, Anglican Communion, has charged Nigerians, particularly Christians, to be ambassadors of peace. Noting the pivotal role the church plays in sustaining national peace, the cleric enjoined the body of Christ not to relent in preaching peace and carrying out good deeds. Odedeji gave the charge at the 135th anniversary of Saint Peter’s Anglican Church, Isheri, Diocese of Lagos West. Speaking on the need for oneness in the body of Christ, the bishop stated, “As Christians, we may all have our differences in culture and in all ways; we may not even speak the same language but in the real sense, we are one body because Christ has united us. “He has brought us together and we take the same communion for the same purpose. Jesus has made each of us to know one another for without him, we cannot be called Christians. “But as we are one body, we have different gifts and these gifts are not meant to divide us but to consolidate us into a great force to move pass obstacles.” Speaking further on the performances of Christians in governance and how they could bring positive changes, he said, “We have not gotten the real effect and so we can still say, they can do better. “This is because if Christians in authority can stand their feet for what is good, the country would be better than what we have now. “We should be careful who we vote for because we know those who have integrity among us and are ready to stand for the truth and holiness. “We know those who can make the difference, we do but in Nigeria today, it is difficult for such people to get there. What they expect of them, they cannot do it.” Highlights of the 135th anniversary included re-dedication of the church altar and fund raising for the purchase of musical instruments; also merit awards were given to parishioners for their labour. The bishop congratulated members of the church, founding fathers, past priests and all who have laboured and slept in the Lord in the vineyard for the journey and encouraged the youths to carry on the torch of evangelism in the Aworiland of Iseri-Olofin. The post Be Ambassadors Of Peace, Cleric Charges Nigerians  Source: Independent