On Sunday, August 4th, Juliet Ibrahim held an event to mark the release of her memoir titled, “A Toast to Life.” The book is a deeply personal narrative of her triumph over adversity faced at different stages in her life, and her journey to true self-love. Hosted by Denrele Edun, the event was attended by friends, well-wishers, and industry colleagues including Dele Momodu, Elvina Ibru, John Ogu, Kabiru Rabiu, Gloria Ibru, Sujimoto, Praiz, Tewa Onasanya, Oge Okoye, Pretty Mike, Skuki, Eniola Badmus, Adenike Oyetunde, and more. One of the most notable parts of the event was when excerpts from the book were read by RMD, Charles Otudor, Noble Igwe, and Chigul. The audience was held captive by the revelations that came to light, which many never knew. For instance, how she survived three civil wars and how her cousin was killed while her family was trying to escape from rebels; how she survived rape and sexual abuse, the ups and downs of her previous marriage, and much more. See photos from the event below:  The post Spotted: Richard Mofe-Damijo, Dele Momodu, Eniola Badmus, Oge Okoye at Juliet Ibrahim’s Book Launch appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Eniola Badmus Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus, says there’s nothing wrong with her and she’s perfectly well at the moment. Badmus was responding to news of her being hospitalised for an ailment, denying that she wasn’t even sick to start with. READ: ‘Health is wealth’ – Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus from… August 6, 2017 In "News" Badmus It’s Nollywood actress, Eniola Badmus‘ 34th birthday today and she’s stepping into the new year with a lot of sass and legs. The plus-size actress shared this new photo of her in a mini shift dress and silver heels to mark her birthday. She wrote: My maker, all I’ve in… September 7, 2017 In "News" Eniola Badmus is searching for her stolen dog, Cavali and is willing to give out money to whoever finds it. Eniola Badmus&apos; dog, Cavali has been reported stolen and the actress is willing to give N200,000 to whoever finds the dog.In a photo released by the actress via her Snapchat… January 2, 2018 In "News"