 LAGOS – A notable cleric has traced the global crises facing humanity to the fall of man in the Garden of Eden, as well as the absence of Christ in lives of people all over the world. Efe Akpomudje, the pastor in charge of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Banner of Love Parish (Philadelphia Hall) Iwaya, Yaba, Lagos, said this on Sunday at the church’s 20th anniversary celebration. Pastor Akpomudje said all over the world, there were crises, adding that there was not going to be human solutions to them, except Jesus Christ steps in. Noting that God did not say that it was impossible to have crises around humanity, Akpomudje urged all to be of good cheer because Christ had overcome the world. He stated that the solution was for humanity to embrace Christ in all the crises, which would also bring them peace that is beyond human understanding. Akpomudje, who is also Assistant Pastor-in-Charge of Province, Corporate Social Responsibility, RCCG Lagos Province 45, speaking on the theme: ‘The God of all Sufficiency’, said that so far, God has satisfied the church and promised them that “beyond now, what we see is nothing compared to where He is taking us. He is the God we can get all resources from. He never runs out of resources.” He said that right from when man missed it in the Garden of Eden, humanity was bound to face crises, adding that since God knew what the state of man would be after Eden, He sent Christ. Akpomudje, who said that in the world today, humanity cannot have peace without Christ, noted that “it is possible for someone to have peace in the storm because of the presence of Christ. That is why Christ Himself could sleep while there was storm in the boat.” The church held free medical care for the community’s resident and gave out free eye-glasses to some of the beneficiaries. The post Christ Is Antidote To Global Crises – Pastor Akpomudje Source: Independent Lagos – The President Muhammadu Buhari administration has been urged to sincerely make policies and implementations that are favourable to the citizens as it settles down for the second tenure. Pastor-In-Charge of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Lagos Province 45 (LP45), Cosmos Daramola, made the charge at the weekend… June 24, 2019 In "News" Apostle Chris Omatsola and Tamara A little over a year ago, news went viral of a scandal involving a popular pastor, Apostle Suleman Johnson and a lady named Stephany Otobo. The lady alleged that she had a relationship with the pastor starting from June 2015 in Canada.Â Â She alleged further that… November 4, 2018 In "News" Some of these pastors said God told them to run. Sadly not all of them were victorious. Its the first Thursday of the new year so its only fair that we have a throwback, right?We are taking you through the times when pastors, both foreign and Nigerian, declared their intentions… January 4, 2018 In "News"