 Femi Falana on Monday August 18, reiterated that there is nothing wrong in calling for revolution as Nigerian leaders in the past did same. Speaking at a symposium organised by Coalition for Revolution (CORE) in Lagos, the human rights lawyer recalled how early Nigerian political leaders called for revolution during the colonial era but weren’t charged with treason unlike now. Falana likened sealing of the venue for the symposium earlier today by the police and the State Security Service to being in the military dictatorship era, but added that it won’t be allowed as they defeated Ibrahim Babangida and Sani Abacha in the past. “Let the authorities in Abuja know that call for revolution is not new. Political leaders in this country have been calling for revolution and nobody charged them,” he said. “When Nigeria was at this stage in the 1940s, a group of young Nigerians, the Zikists, gathered at Glover Hall (Lagos). Their leader, Osita Agbonna, delivered a lecture titled “A Call For Revolution” and those who shared the same thoughts with them were arrested and charged with sedition, that they were trying to embarrass the colonial regime. They were not charged with treason or treasonable felony. “When we were outside and were told the symposium will not hold, my mind went back to 30 years ago during the Babangida and then the Abacha junta when we could not meet. We defeated both dictators and I can assure you that any other dictator will not be allowed to rear his ugly head.” Also urging members of the members of the #RevolutionNow movement to persevere as the journey is going to be long and tedious, the Senior Advocate of Nigeria alleged that the Buhari administration knows those disturbing the peace of the country. “The Buhari administration knows those who are breaching the peace of Nigeria. Terrorists, armed robbers, herdsmen, coup plotters and others. Those who went on the street to protest in exercise of their right to assembly and complain against injustice, corruption and maladministration in our country cannot be said to have breached the peace in our country. “A revolution, like Chairman Mao Tse Tung said, is not a dinner party. A revolution is a very serious, rigorous and consistent battle for the soul of a country. “What you have done is mere declaration of intention. The journey is going to be intense, take time, but I believe we have started and there is no going back,” he said. The post We defeated IBB and Abacha, we won’t allow another dictator — Femi Falana appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Renowned human rights activist and senior advocate of Nigeria, Femi Falana has again condemned the harassment of protesters of the #RevolutionNow rally across Nigeria by security operatives. Falana also condemned the arrest of the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, who is the organiser of the #RevolutionNow protest. Speaking on… August 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" The lawyer says revolution is not a "dinner party", but says the "journey has started and there is no going back." The post #RevolutionNow: We defeated IBB, Abacha; we won’t allow another dictator — Falana appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria. Source: Premium Times August 19, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Showdown looms over tomorrow’s #RevolutionNow protest DESPITE the arrest of its lead convener, Mr Omoyele Sowore, by operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS), on Saturday, human rights activists, who are also part of the #RevolutionNow protest scheduled for about 25 states tomorrow, have promised to go… August 4, 2019 In "News"