 Tekno‘s “Diana” is another banger that was released on 14th of October 2016 as a follow up to his previous hit song, the banging record was produced by Selebobo and Krizbeatz. Diana is a mid-tempo jam with dance vibe but it sounds like a repetition of the melody on his most recent song “Pana” if you an addict of Tekno’s melody then you must definitely have enjoyed this record. Tekno is known for titling his songs using female names, unlike other artists, maybe this is his own legacy. He could be heard sending out his shoutouts to his female fans all over the world. You can hear fans lips syncing to the song “My Tanzania Dia oh… My South African Dia oh…See my Nigerian Dia…Hello to my London Girls…American Girls, European Girls. This song is for you, for you, for you, Cameroonian girls, Kenyan girls. All my African Girls, I love you.”Tekno has been able to carve a niche for himself and his definitely milking of it. The music video directed by Teekay presently seats on a total of 33million views on youtube. https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/Tekno_-_Diana.mp3 DOWNLOAD MP3 The post Tekno – “Diana” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv This isn’t a bad song. There’s enough quality in the music to consider it a good song. But is it the best jam Wizkid and Tekno can make? Tekno and Wizkid linked together in what is supposed to be one of Nigeria’s strongest collaborations, and the result isn’t their strongest… November 13, 2017 In "News" Every day on the Nigerian internet, there are people who keep our eyes glued to our phone screens as we read their rants, opinions, perspectives on political and social matters, etc. Sometimes, they are just downright ridiculous. We make it our job to take down the names of these noisemakers.… December 12, 2017 In "News" Kido Blanko – Sugar ft. Tekno Overview of Kido Blanko – Sugar ft. Tekno Ighotainment Records premieres the official video for “Sugar” by Kido Blanko which features multi-talented singer and record producer, Tekno. The record sends love to all women worldwide and it was producer by raving music producer, Kel… June 25, 2019 In "Music/Video"