Lorache Group is recruiting on behalf of it’s clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here To View More Jobs And Apply  Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-political and non-religious international aid organization. Our teams are committed to supporting civilians’ victims of marginalization and exclusion, or hit by natural disasters, wars and economic collapses, by answering their fundamental needs. Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  AB Microfinance Bank Nigeria Limited is a member of an international network of Microfinance Banks under Access Holding Microfinance AG(www.accessholding.com), with its Head office in Berlin, Germany. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Adexen is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Exciting Graduates & Exp. Job Opportunities at Lorache Group, PUI, AB Microfinance Bank Nigeria Limited & Adexen Recruitment Agency (28 Available Job Positions) – Don’t Be Left Out. appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria Lorache Group is recruiting on behalf of it’s clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below:   1. Regional Sales Manager (RSM) Location: Abuja Deadline: 31st July, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Area Sales Manager Location: Lagos Deadline: 31st July, 2019.… July 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Lorache Group is recruiting on behalf of it’s clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: 1. Sales Officer – Wireless Location: Lagos Deadline: 14th July, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Accounts Officer (General Ledger-GL Role) Location: Lagos Deadline: 10th July,… June 26, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Padua Petroleum Nigeria Limited Padua Petroleum Nigeria Limited (PPNL) is an indigenous company established to provide a unique range of services to the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry. 1. Deputy Fabrication Manager Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Deputy Security Manager Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply… July 29, 2019 In "Jobs"