SW Global Limited – We are one of the largest Information Technology Company to emerge from West Africa with focus on solution delivery for Public and Private Sector Clients. Our market reach for our products have also powered enterprises in the USA, Ghana, Sierra Leon, Liberia, South Africa, Uganda and Sri Lanka. Our Model provides Institutions with quick and easy access to mission- critical applications that removes the need for the direct total cost of ownership for business applications or expensive ICT infrastructure acquisitions. The turnkey solutions developed ensure cost effectiveness, enhanced operational efficiency and increased transparency. Join our profound expert and dynamic team in Nigeria for the position below: Job Title: Senior Software Engineer Code: SE 0041
Location: Abuja/Lagos Job Summary Key Responsibilities Requirements Skills & Proficiencies: Application Closing Date
14th August, 2019. The post Senior Software Engineer at SW Global Limited – Abuja/Lagos appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria SW Global Limited – We are one of the largest Information Technology Company to emerge from West Africa with focus on solution delivery for Public and Private Sector Clients. Our market reach for our products have also powered enterprises in the USA, Ghana, Sierra Leon, Liberia, South Africa, Uganda and… August 6, 2019 In "Jobs" SW Global Limited – We are one of the largest Information Technology Company to emerge from West Africa with focus on solution delivery for Public and Private Sector Clients. Our market reach for our products have also powered enterprises in the USA, Ghana, Sierra Leon, Liberia, South Africa, Uganda and… August 6, 2019 In "Jobs" SW Global Limited – We are one of the largest Information Technology Company to emerge from West Africa with focus on solution delivery for Public and Private Sector Clients. Our market reach for our products have also powered enterprises in the USA, Ghana, Sierra Leon, Liberia, South Africa, Uganda and… August 6, 2019 In "Jobs"