 ALTAMIRA, Brazil (Reuters) – Odijane Mota still cannot make sense of her son Efraim’s gruesome death in a Brazilian jail. At least 58 prisoners died during a chaotic few hours of violence in the prison in the northern state of Para last week. More than a dozen were decapitated, and videos circulating online showed inmates at the prison celebrating as they kicked heads across the floor. State authorities said the riot began around breakfast time on Monday when prisoners belonging to the Comando Classe A gang set fire to a cell containing inmates from rival gang Comando Vermelho, or Red Command. The violence was the latest in a series of deadly riots that have shone a spotlight on Brazil’s dangerous, overcrowded prison system, the world’s third-largest. Controlling the country’s prisons and taming their powerful prison gangs are major public security headaches for President Jair Bolsonaro, who campaigned on hard-line security proposals. My son was not a highly dangerous criminal,” said Mota, who Mblamed state authorities for not doing more to prevent the bloodshed in the jail once the fire broke out. She vowed to fight for justice for her son so that his death was not in vain. I’m never going to settle for it, never ever,” she said. “Knowing that nobody did anything, that will be a sad thing that I will carry for the rest of my life with hatred in my heart. They had a chance to do it, they had time to do it and nobody did anything.” The post Mother Of Brazil Prison Riot Victim Haunted By Anguish Source: Independent A KILLER dad who punched and shook his two-day-old baby girl to death has been found dead in his prison cell. Another prisoner has been charged with murder after the body of Liam Deane, 22, was found HMP Leeds on Sunday. John Westland, 28, appeared at Leeds Magistrates’ Court this… November 15, 2017 In "News" No fewer than 52 inmates were killed in a prison riot in northern Brazil today as rival gang factions fought each other. Sixteen of the dead were decapitated in the second major eruption of violence to rock the country’s severely overpopulated and deadly prison system in as many months. Fighting… July 29, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" An interview with Pussy Riot's Nadezhda (Nadya) Tolokonnikova, who spent 22 months in a Siberian prison camp for a 2012 performance. Pussy Riot&apos;s Nadezhda (Nadya) Tolokonnikova hasn&apos;t stopped fighting Putin&apos;s autocratic rule, using art as activism Tolokonnikova spent 22 months in a Siberian prison camp for a 2012 performance She… August 12, 2017 In "News"