The Niger Basin Authority (NBA) is an inter-governmental organization responsible for promoting cooperation amongst Member states and contributing to improve the living conditions of the basin populations through sustainable management of water resources and associated ecosystems. The member Countries are: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Guinea, Mali, Niger, Nigeria and Chad. We invite applications from suitably qualified candidates for the position below: Job Title: Legal Adviser Location: Niamey, Niger Background and Rationale Objectives
The objectives of the Niger Basin Authority are to: Mission of the Position Main Responsibilities Position Profile The candidate must: General Information for the Position You are: Application Closing Date
6th September, 2019 (13:00 GMT). The post Legal Advisers at Niger Basin Authority (NBA) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria The Niger Basin Authority (NBA) is an inter-governmental organization responsible for promoting cooperation amongst Member states and contributing to improve the living conditions of the basin populations through sustainable management of water resources and associated ecosystems. The member Countries are: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Guinea, Mali, Niger, Nigeria and… August 22, 2019 In "Jobs" The Authority of ECOWAS Heads of State and Government on Saturday adopted ECO as the name of the single currency to be issued in January 2020. ECOWAS is made up of 15-member countries. They are Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Côte d’Ivoire, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria,… June 30, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" By Johnbosco Agbakwuru ABUJA – PRESIDENT Muhammadu Buhari has approved Nigeria’s hosting of an international conference on saving the Lake Chad. MEETING: From left: Executive Secretary of Lake Chad Basin Commission, Sanusi Imran Abdullahi; President of Benin Republic, Thomas Boni Yayi; President Muhammadu Buhari; President of Niger Republic, Mahamadou Issoufou;… December 26, 2017 In "News"