 LAGOS – The ongoing picketing of Skycare Catering Services (ASL) entered day seven yesterday as the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), Lagos State chapter, joined the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE) to completely shut down the organization. With the continuous closure of the company, clients of ASL, mostly foreign carriers, have moved their businesses to rival companies in the sector, especially LSG Sky Chef, which opened services in 2018. A source close to ASL said that the company was losing at least N10millin daily to the closure, but was still adamant on its stand, even as the unions insisted that it would continue to ground operations in the catering services. The union, in collaboration with NLC, also proceeded to the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos, to lock up the facilities of ASL at the terminal and sent out all the staff still serving some of the foreign airlines with in-flight menus. Comrade Ocheme Aba, the general secretary, NUATE, said that despite the closure, the management was yet to discuss with the union, vowing that the picketing would continue. Aba warned that if the management refused to hearken to its demands, it would continue to escalate the crisis. The demands, according to hum, included the adherence to the constitution of Nigeria Section 40, which guaranteed freedom of association for workers. Also, he wanted the management to respect the 2018 judgment of the National Industrial Court as delivered by Justice Mustapha Tijani, which he said ruled that the management had no locus standi on the issue of unionism of the workers. He also accused the management of victimising and sacking union leaders in its establishment in the past 18 months, insisting that it was against the extant labour laws of the country. He said: “Also, those executives of branch union that have been locked out in the past 18 months unilaterally be recalled to their duty posts. They cannot victimise workers on account of membership or holding office in a trade union, which they have violated for over 18 months unchallenged. “Only the management can answer why it prefers the hotel association to ours, which is in the airport. Obviously, the management has something to hide,” he said. Also, Mr. Segun Esan, the general secretary, Nigerian Union of Railway Workers (NURW), said that picketing was one of the very strong weapons of the labour movement. He explained that as a member of NLC, the NURW was in solidarity with NUATE in its drive to eschew victimization of workers in ASL. The post ASL Loses Clients To Competitors, As Picketing Enters Day Seven Source: Independent