With all the legal drama that Tekno is facing at the moment, he has still gone ahead to officially leave his former record label, Made Men Music Group (typically called Triple MG). He joined the label 5 years ago when the CEO of the label, Ubi Franklin signed him to the group. He started his own record label called ‘Cartel Music’ and it seems that the exit was mutual as Triple MG threw Tekno a send-off party at Cubana yesterday night. The party that held regardless of all the legal drama and possible issues that the artist could be facing seemed to be the perfect way to say goodbye to him. Ubi Franklin said a very emotional farewell to one of the biggest artistes in his record label on Instagram. He said “5 years ago I was asked why I was signing you. Because they saw you as rude and arrogant, my reply then was Talent and self-confidence most times comes out as rude and I believe the results show today that I wasn’t wrong. Most of the issues I had from that day with the former was because I took that decision to sign this great talent.” He continued by praising Tekno saying, “One of the successful growth of Made Men Music is as a direct result of your outstanding talents, Your dedication and commitment to the label is priceless. Congratulations Tekno! This is a significant year for you as you celebrate an important part of your career. And as you reach this milestone with MadeMen Records, it is with great pride that I say I appreciate your outstanding exemplary character.” “This message reflects my appreciation for your dedicated years of service and is a symbol of your personal and professional commitment and loyalty to the label. Outstanding talents like you are and always will be my greatest asset. I always believed in you. Please know that you are an important member of the Made Men Music Group for life and your abilities and contributions is an important part of our continued success. Thank you Tekno for all that you do and please accept my good wishes on your new career journey. It’s a Family Thing. Congratulations CARTEL MUSIC
@teknoofficial,” he said. Tekno also took to his Instagram to say farewell to Triple MG saying “We had fun, we made money @ubifranklintriplemg family forever”. Cartel Music can now officially be referred to as an independent record label and for all the drama mongers, sorry, you won’t be finding any here. The post Musician and Producer, Tekno Leaves Triple MG Label Source: The Net Music star Tekno recently announced that he’s left Made Men Music Group (Triple MG), saying his contract expired and he’s established his own label – Cartel Music. In his farewell message to him, Triple MG CEO, Ubi Franklin praised Tekno’s talent and self-confidence, and wished him well in his new… August 6, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tekno and Ubi Franklin have appreciated each other on social media and this clearly shows that there is no bad blood.   Just a few days ago, Tekno made a very shocking statement about Ubi and Iyanya. He revealed that they took a large proportion of his income and as a… August 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" The pioneer CEO, Made Men Music Group, Ubi Franklin has announced the exit of its artiste, Tekno from the company after an eventful 5-year period of music business partnership. 5 years ago I was asked why I was signing you. Because they saw you as rude and arrogant, my reply… August 6, 2019 In "Entertainment"