 The ‘Love Island’ beauty lashed out at her former boyfriend – who she met on the ITV2 show – during a date on E4’s ‘Celebs Go Dating’ and admitted that he broke her heart by texting former co-star Amber Davies behind her back. Speaking during a date with a girl on ‘Celebs Go Dating’, bisexual Megan said: “Basically, I feel like he wanted to have his cake and eat it,” Megan sighs. He wanted to have me there, and date me, but also like, he’s living the life of a budget version of Chris Brown. He was loving life!” She later told dating agents Anna Williamson and Paul Carrick Brunson: “Cracks started to appear [in the relationship]. “I thought we had this future, like he spoke to me about kids and marriage and it came on the radio that he was sexting another ‘Love Island’ contestant. “He said they weren’t sexting they were talking about cuddling but I just feel completely stupid and betrayed.” Meanwhile, Megan – who is currently dating ‘TOWIE’s Demi Sims – recently insisted women make better lovers than men. Megan, 25, said: “I have experience with men and women and women are definitely better lovers. They are more attentive. They want to please the other person. Men are happy as long as they are having a good time.” And Megan insisted her partners have no complaints about her performances between the sheets. She said: “I’d say I’m pretty good in bed. I’ve had my fair share of practice. I would never fake an orgasm. I’d explain, ‘Hun, you need to do this, this and this. You’re not going to sleep just because you’re done’. “For me part of the enjoyment is to please the other person. I want them to have a good time too. It might be a bit awkward at the time but you’re better off saying it.” The post Megan Barton Hanson Slams Wes Nelson Source: Independent 62% of Pulse Nigeria Poll voters say Joy should open up to David what she is going through in the hands of David as her wedding gets near. Joy, a 30-year-old woman is about to get married to David on December 30, 2017, and just her long-awaited day of joy… December 15, 2017 In "News" Hi I met this lady whose story you are about to read last week at a friend’s place. Of course you know most times, the gist is about men. Her story, though not peculiar, reminds me of famous musician, TuFace, his women, and some other women I have come across.… October 14, 2017 In "News" A successful relationship requires vulnerability, especially in the early stages. That means working up the nerve to tell someone you like them, says Miami-based matchmaker Claudia Duran. klublu/Shutterstock.com A successful relationship depends on both partners displaying some vulnerability. Miami-based matchmaker Claudia Duran says many of her clients make the mistake… July 18, 2018 In "News"