 Manchester United are still working hard to bring in a £100m Lazio midfielder, while Tottenham have been told to up their bid for a playmaker, according to Tuesday’s European press. Manchester United are still working on a deal for Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, according to Spanish outlet Marca. Lazio’s Serbian midfielder has long been linked to Old Trafford, with a fee in the region of £100m being mooted. The Daily Express recently claimed that the deal is off, but now reports in Spain claim otherwise and that talks are advanced stage between the two clubs. The news coincides with Real Madrid reportedly making a last-ditch effort to take Paul Pogba to the Bernabeu. Marca (once again), states that the Spanish giants are desperate to sign the midfielder, who clearly wants out of Manchester – and United’s links to the more defensive-minded Milinkovic-Savic and goal machine Bruno Fernandes appear to nod to them considering the possibility of letting the France star leave. Tottenham star Christian Eriksen also remains a target, although it appears more likely that he would head abroad after Thursday’s window has closed for Premier League clubs. The post Man United Still Keen On £100M Midfielder Deal Source: Independent Manchester United are on the verge of signing Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic after successful transfer negotiations over the last week. The 24-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs over the last year, having proved himself as one of the most consistent performers in Italian football in… July 23, 2019 In "News" The Lazio ace has established himself as one of the best midfielders in Serie A but should Jose Mourinho break his club's transfer record to sign him? Who is Sergej Milinkovic-Savic? The €100m Lazio star linked to Manchester United December 12, 2017 In "Sports" Lazio’s Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has agreed in principle to move to Manchester United, the Daily Mail reports. This is the second year the Serbia international will be linked with the Red Devils. But this time around, the transfer is close to being wrapped up for a fee around €75million. Last week,… July 29, 2019 In "News"