 Monalisa singer, Lyta has gone on social to appreciate Davido for helping to him and his career. Davido recently tweeted that he will be working on a remix of Monalisa with Lyta and while fans are excited about that news, Davido did not only feature on the remix but also sponsored the video and paid for the fight of four people who went to the video shoot. Unable to contain such happiness, Lyta posted how grateful he is on his Instagram to Davido who came through for him. Read post below The last couple of days have been quite interesting and emotional for me. It all started from an instagram post and BOOM, a reply! A comment from one of Africa’s biggest acts – @davidoofficial on my post. that comment birthed a new chapter in my career and like a movie, we’re here. OBO made good his promise, recorded his verse for #MonalisaRemixwithout hassle.
You know what’s shocked me the most? Davido called @dir.k_ paid for the Monalisa Remix video, booked flight for 7 (Seven)! of us down to Senegal and we’re here live in Dakar. It’s been so unreal and I can never imagine this happening in such a short space of time. Guys, I’m dumbfounded by the immense love this man has shown me. I mean, getting recognised by Davido is big enough. Now, getting a remix from him and then having to pay for the video and flying the squad with all expense paid IS SOMETHING I WILL NEVER!WOULD HAVE IMAGINED. To you, Sir @davidoofficial, I really don’t know what to say to you. My heart is full of joy and words alone cannot describe the indescribable joy that I feel within me. You have shown me that truly, there are angels in human form. How can I thank you for this move that has marked a great leap in my career? How?
Thank you so much for everything, Sir. I will forever be indebted to you and I promise to make you and all my fans proud. I really appreciate this kind gesture from you and I’d never forget this. Trust me, I’d never forget.
Guys, please say a prayer for me but MOST ESPECIALLY, for @davidoofficial  Watch video below; The post Lyta Talks About How Davido Got On Monalisa Remix & Paid For The Video appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay