Tribune Online
Oyo ANAN gets new exco The Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), Oyo State branch, has elected new executive to pilot the affairs of the association for the next two years. In an election which held during the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the association at the conference room of the Oyo state Accountant General office on Wednesday, Professor Lanre Awobode was elected as the new chairman. Other elected officers are: Mr Esanju Samuel (Vice Chairman) Alhaji Abdulazeez Malik  (Secretary-General) Mrs Hastrup Oluwakemi (Assistant Secreatry-General) Mrs Olabode Rachael  (Treasurer) Mrs Adekanmbi Kofoworola (Financial secretary) Mrs Fawole Bolanle (Publicity Secretary) while Alhaji Aderemi Jimoh and Alhaji Oyebamiji Soladoye were elected as Ex- Officio. In his remarks, representative of the National President ANAN, Alhaji Ibrahim Gidado urged the newly elected executive members to work together in unison, so as to achieve the projected goals and as well moving the association to enviable heights. ALSO READ: NAFDAC intercepts, destroys unwholesome products in Borno He advised the newly elected officers to work and collaborate with other members of the association in order to have a vibrant association that would contribute towards the development of Oyo State and Nigeria at large. The new chairman, Awobode pledged to operate an open-door policy for outstanding contributions to the development of the association. Awobode said ANAN, a professional body in the country is determined to work together with the government, particularly in Oyo state to achieve accountability both in the private and public sector. Oyo ANAN gets new exco
Tribune Online Source: Tribune Inter Party Advisory Council Alhaji Waheed Oyewole of Hope Democratic Party has emerged the Oyo State chairman of the Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC). This was announced following an election held on Tuesday at the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) office secretariat Ibadan. Alhaji Waheed Oyewole of Hope Democratic Party… September 26, 2017 In "News" By Sunday Isuwa, Abuja The Management of Old Karu Market Traders Association (KMTA) has inaugurated its newly elected Executive Officers into office after a free, fair and credible election conducted recently. The newly inaugurated executives are: Alhaji Abdulkadi Abubakar, Chairman; Mr Augustine Obi, Vice Chairman; Mr Monday Pankshin, Secretary; Godspower… December 20, 2017 In "News" National president of the National Union of Road and Transport Workers (NURTW), Alhaji Najeem Yasin, on Friday, united the acting chairman of the union, Oyo State chapter, Alhaji Abideen Olajide “Ejiogbe” with the union’s former chairman, Alhaji Lateef Akinsola “Tokyo” at the inauguration of the union’s new state secretariat, Ojoo… April 26, 2019 In "News"