 They have been on a whirlwind ride since being crowned the winners of Love Island.
And Amber Gill and her beau Greg O’Shea checked in for some much-needed R&R as they arrived at at Down Hall hotel in London on Thursday evening.
The beautician, 21, and the rugby hunk, 24, arrived at the luxury hotel and were pictured checking in together with their Love Island luggage in tow. Amber was accompanied by a burly body guard as she sauntered towards the hotel following a busy day of celebrating her reality TV win with Greg in Newcastle. The Geordie native opted for a relaxed look in a casual form-fitting dress which was buttoned down the front and highlighted her curvaceous frame.
Opting for comfort after a no doubt exhausting day, Amber wore a pair of black flip flops as she returned to London following a trip to her hometown. The reality star opted for a fresh-faced make-up look which showcased her radiant complexion, while wearing her stunning blonde locks in natural voluminous curls.
Meanwhile, Greg looked equally casual in a pale grey T-shirt teamed with a pair of distressed blue denim jeans and white lace-up trainers.
The couple checked in for a luxury stay at the Hertfordshire hotel, which is hidden away in the countryside and gave them access to a bar, lounge and spa.
Things are continuing to go from strength-to-strength for Greg and Amber as the Irishman was spotted in and around her native Newcastle this week. Despite touching down in the UK on Tuesday, Greg has yet to return home and instead has joined Amber in her home town, where the couple were warmly greeted as they filmed scenes for the reunion show.
Taking to Instagram, Greg has given fans a glimpse of his exploits in the Toon – his first time in the Northern city.
The reality star was also spotted filming scenes for Love Island’s reunion show, which airs on Sunday and follows the islanders in the days after their villa exit. This came a few hours after the pair gave their first interview since leaving the villa, telling MailOnline they’re now exclusively dating.
During the interview, Greg turned to Amber and said: ‘I think we’re exclusive what do you think?’
Amber simply replied: ‘Yeah I think, yeah.’ Greg added: ‘Yeah, definitely. We’re both quite loyal and we’re really into each other at the moment, even though it’s early stages, so definitely we’re only seeing each other.’
The couple won the hearts of the nation after dating one another for just two weeks after Amber’s cruel split from Michael Griffiths, 27.
Amber was quick to share her shock that Michael and Joanna Chimonides had rekindled their romance after being spotted kissing at Kisstory festival. Sounding shocked to hear that Michael and Joanna had been pictured looking close, Amber said: ‘Are they together? Am I surprised? Yes.
‘I didn’t see much of their relationship but Michael definitely tried to come back to me so I think that’s a bit weird but I don’t want to say too much about that.’
Despite Greg only being on the show for a fortnight, Amber doesn’t believe she would have won with her ex, Michael, by her side. She said: ‘I don’t think I would have won with Michael because she people would have felt that I was stupid to go back to him after everything.
‘The only time I thought about quitting the show was after I returned from Casa Amor and saw Michael standing with Joanna.’
Meanwhile, Greg wasn’t the only islander to head to his other half’s home town as Curtis Pritchard and Maura Higgins flew to Ireland to meet Maura’s family and film scenes for the ITV show’s Reunion episode. Curtis updated his 1.3 million Instagram followers on Thursday as he revealed he was about to meet Maura’s loved ones.
‘Still can’t believe we are out of the villa! Loving this journey with @maurahiggins and being in Ireland to meet her family and friends! Who’s excited for aftersun this Sunday? #loveisland,’ he wrote next to a smitten selfie.
Maura posted her own snap on Stories, smiling as she told fans it was ‘great to be home’   The post Amber and Greg Pictures Exclusive: Love Island Winners Check Into A Hotel Together After The Rugby Hunk Travelled To Newcastle To Meet Her Family  Source: Independent