 A California Highway Patrol officer was killed and two others were
injured after a man driving a truck that was to be impounded opened
fire during a traffic stop Monday, starting a gunbattle in which he
was also killed, authorities said. The officer who pulled over the truck was shot but was able to call
for assistance, Highway Patrol Assistant Chief Scott Parker said. He
was later taken by air ambulance but died from his injuries, Parker
said. Two other highway patrol officers were wounded in the gunbattle, he said. “It was a long and horrific gunbattle,” Riverside Police Chief Sergio
Diaz said at a news conference Monday night. The gunfire erupted in Riverside, about 60 miles east of downtown Los
Angeles, near Interstate 215 shortly after 5:30 p.m. PT. A highway patrol officer stopped a white GMC pickup, called for a tow
truck and was filling out paperwork when “the suspect entered his
vehicle and pulled out a rifle, unknown caliber rifle, and he engaged
our officer with multiple gunshots,” Parker said. The shooting and officer’s call for assistance sent CHP and other law
enforcement officers to the scene. The next two officers who arrived “immediately were engaged with
gunfire by this suspect,” fired back and were wounded, Parker said. Seven law enforcement officers fired their weapons during the
gunfight, Diaz said. The suspect was identified by his father, Dennis Luther, as Aaron
Luther. The shooter’s father said his son appeared to be depressed in
recent times while dealing with knee pain and marital issues,
according to NBC Los Angeles. Nonetheless, Aaron Luther was devoted to his two children and a
stepchild, according to his father. “My wife and I are just in shock right now. And we’re just praying for
the officers,” Dennis Luther said in a brief phone interview. One of the wounded highway patrol officers suffered major injuries and
was in critical condition Monday night, and the other wounded officer
suffered minor injuries, Parker said. California Highway Patrol Commissioner Warren Stanley identified the
officer who was killed as Andre Moye. “I am devastated by the tragedy
that unfolded earlier in Riverside,” he said in a tweet, adding,
“Prayers go out to all, including the responding officers injured in
the shooting. The injured officers have not been identified. I am devastated by the tragedy that unfolded earlier in Riverside. Tonight, I mourn the loss of one of our own, CHP Officer Andre Moye, who was killed during a shootout following a traffic stop. Prayers go out to all, including the responding officers injured in the shooting. — Warren Stanley (@CHPCommissioner) August 13, 2019  The gunman’s wife was almost struck during the firefight, according to
Dennis Luther. After he was pulled over, Aaron Luther called his wife to pick him up
— and gunfire broke out just as she rolled up to the scene, according
to the shooter’s dad. “She said she heard ‘pop, pop, pop’ … gunfire, and then a bullet
went through the windshield of her car,” Dennis Luther said of his
son’s wife. The post Highway Patrol Officer, Suspect Die After Gunbattle Near Southern California Freeway appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent