 LAGOS – Comrade Samson Ugwoke, the Chairman of the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Non-Academic Staff Unions (NASU) in the universities, on Sunday, insists that members of the three staff unions will proceed with the proposed nationwide strike from Monday, August 19, 2019. According to Ugwoke, the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), Non-Academic Staff Union (NASU) and National Association Academic Technologists (NAAT) members in public universities across the country have been mobilized to down tools from Monday. Recall that SSANU, NASU and NAAT had last week disclosed that its members will commence a national warning strike from Monday, August 19 to 23 due to the inability of the Federal Government to meet their demands which included Earned Allowances as a major issue. The unions revealed that of the N23 billion released by the government to the concerned staff unions in the university, the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) got about 80 percent of the money thus the non-academic shared only 20 percent. It will be recalled that some of the issues contained in a Memorandum of Action (MoA) in which the Federal Government of Nigeria (FGN), promised to address the contentious issues within a timeline were yet to be addressed and resolved, which also include government refusal to recall sacked workers of Staff Schools and the alleged discriminatory attitude against non-teaching staff. Ugwoke vowed: ”There is no going back. Our members have been mobilized for the nationwide warning strike. The Federal Government has not met our demands. We met two weeks ago with government officials, as at today, we have not heard any positive response from the government. ”Two weeks after our meeting, the federal government has not fulfilled any promises made. The government has not done anything to make us change our mind about the strike,” he added The post SSANU, NASU, NAAT Begin Nationwide Warning Strike Today  Source: Independent ..Says FG’s N23bn was for ASUU By Johnbosco Agbakwuru ABUJA – NON teaching staff unions in the universities under the umbrella of Joint Action Committee, JAC, have directed all their branches nationwide to resume strike on Monday. The three unions are the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities, SSANU, Non… December 1, 2017 In "News" NASU, SSANU and NAAT during the meeting... recently The Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities (NASU) and National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT) have directed all their branches nationwide to resume indefinite strike on Monday, December 4. This directive was given in a letter… December 2, 2017 In "News" …Say FG’s N23bn was for ASUU By Johnbosco Agbakwuru NON teaching staff unions in the universities under the umbrella of Joint Action Committee, JAC, has directed all their branches nationwide to resume strike on Monday. SSANU members preparing bean cakes and pap.   The three unions are the Senior Staff… December 2, 2017 In "News"