 Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde has nominated Seun Fakorede, a 27-year-old civil engineering graduate of Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, Osun State, as one of his potential commissioners. Fakorede is the third person to be nominated, after governor Makinde inaugurated 14 cabinet members last week. According to Oyo Insight, Fakorede, who hails from Idere area of Ibarapa Central local government, bagged a Civil Engineering degree from OAU in 2016 and currently runs Home Advantage Africa (HAA), “a non-profit devoted to promoting local dominance and global stardom in Africa through digital storytelling and other projects of similar ilk.” It is speculated that Fakorede could be deployed to the ministry of youth and sports, and possibly become the youngest to man the ministry. Photo credit: @theseunfakorede The post Governor Makinde of Oyo nominates Seun Fakorede, 27 as Commissioner appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has nominated a 27-year-old alumnus of the Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Seun Fakorede, as a commissioner in the State. The 2016 Civil Engineering graduate is joining Alhaja Faosat Joke Sunni and Professor Rapheal Afonja who were last week nominated to join the 14 others who… August 19, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Thursday allocated portfolios to those that he earlier nominated as commissioners in the state. DAILY POST reports that Makinde had sent the list containing names of the nominees to the state House of Assembly for screening. The new commissioners and their portfolios were… August 15, 2019 In "News" The Oyo State government, led by Governor Seyi Makinde, has released the list of 14 of its new commissioners with their portfolios. See the full list:- 1.  Hon Barrister Adeniyi John Farinto – Commissioner for Budget & Planning 2. Mr Adeniyi Adebisi – Commissioner for Commerce 3. Hon Muyiwa Jacob… August 15, 2019 In "News"