 Gombe – Governor Mohammed Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe State has called on Nigerians to have faith in its leaders to take the country out of its current hardship despite the socio-economic challenges. The Governor stated this while hosting guests to a Sallah breakfast at the Government House shortly after the Eid prayers marking the Muslim festival of Eid-el-Kabir. He said, though the country has been facing terrible times, he was however optimistic that if the citizens cooperate with its leaders, the country will be able to come out of its difficult times. Quoting from the Holy Qur’an, the Governor said, “With every hardship, there is a solution by Allah. I am therefore assuring our people that as leaders, we will do all within our capacity to offer good leadership for the benefit of the country”. While thanking Allah for another opportunity of witnessing another Eid-el-Kabir Sallah celebration, Governor Inuwa thanked the people of Gombe state for the sustained peace that is being enjoyed. Earlier in a goodwill message, the Governor enjoined Muslim faithful to sustain their prayers for the peace, security and prosperity of the State and the nation. He also urged them to use the occasion to extend the hands of support and show love and good neighbourliness as exemplified by Prophet Ibrahim (AS) and upheld by Prophet Muhammad (PBUH). “As we celebrate the Eid-el-Kabir festival, i want to admonish us to reflect on the message and lessons of the season which teaches submission, obedience and selflessness, we must also imbibe the tenets of Islam which promotes peace, tolerance, modesty and love”, the Governor said. The post Eid-El-Fitr: Governor Inuwa Calls On Nigerians To Have Faith In Nation’s Leaders  Source: Independent  Gombe – Governor Mohammed Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe State has called on Nigerians to have faith in its leaders to take the country out of its current hardship despite the socio-economic challenges. The Governor stated this while hosting guests to a Sallah breakfast at the Government House shortly after the Eid prayers marking the Muslim festival of Eid-el-Kabir. He said, though the country has been facing terrible times, he was however optimistic that if the citizens cooperate with its leaders, the country will be able to come out of its difficult times. Quoting from the Holy Qur’an, the Governor said, “With every hardship, there is a solution by Allah. I am therefore assuring our people that as leaders, we will do all within our capacity to offer good leadership for the benefit of the country”. While thanking Allah for another opportunity of witnessing another Eid-el-Kabir Sallah celebration, Governor Inuwa thanked the people of Gombe state for the sustained peace that is being enjoyed. Earlier in a goodwill message, the Governor enjoined Muslim faithful to sustain their prayers for the peace, security and prosperity of the State and the nation. He also urged them to use the occasion to extend the hands of support and show love and good neighbourliness as exemplified by Prophet Ibrahim (AS) and upheld by Prophet Muhammad (PBUH). “As we celebrate the Eid-el-Kabir festival, i want to admonish us to reflect on the message and lessons of the season which teaches submission, obedience and selflessness, we must also imbibe the tenets of Islam which promotes peace, tolerance, modesty and love”, the Governor said. The post Eid-El-Fitr: Governor Inuwa Calls On Nigerians To Have Faith In Nation’s Leaders  Source: Independent