 Akure – Men of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Ondo State Command, have burst an international cyber syndicate defrauding unsuspecting Nigerians of the money through threat to life, obtaining by false pretence, cultism and other methods. Briefing the newsmen on Tuesday at the State Command in Akure, the state capital, after parading and a Nigeria-based accomplice of the syndicate, the state Commandant, Christiana Abiakam-Omanu disclosed that “information through our intelligence gathering revealed that a syndicate of Nigerians in Oman were suspected to have obtained the victims by false pretence. “An accomplice to the suspect based in Nigeria, Akinlosotu Emmanuel has been arrested while others are being tailed by our men. “Currently, efforts are made to repatriate the notorious foreign-based suspect who is mainly: Oladipupo Paulina and Shipe Alaba.” Another syndicate that scams in scamming middle-aged women through phoney love was also bust by the operatives of the formation. The Commandant said: “In another development, another dangerous syndicate involving internet love scam targeting middle-aged women has been arrested by our specially trained officers. “University undergraduate members of the gang named Giftency Oshafa and Bella Avwerosuo have been arrested and assisting in our investigation. “So far we have deduced through our investigation that numerous bank accounts are being used by the syndicate and are undergoing forensic analysis.” Moreover, another gang of fraudsters posing as traditional spiritualists the specialised in money rituals were also arrested
They were said to have defrauded their victims of a huge amount of money. State Commandant Abiakam-Omanu explained that “Another deadly gang who posed as a traditionalist with spiritual ability to facilitate money rituals for their victims are in our custody. “They have swindled their preys of a huge sum of money and continue to blackmail the latter.” However, the commandant said all the suspects would be a charge to court after completion of investigations. She reiterated that criminals would have no hideout in the state, noting that the formation was committed to ensuring the safety of lives, protection of critical national assets and infrastructure in the state. The post NSCDC Bursts Int’l Cyber Crime Syndicate, Others Source: Independent