 Tekno has issued a statement, apologising to the public over a viral video of some half-naked girls dancing inside a truck that was stuck in traffic at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos. Tekno just few hours ago took to his Instagram page to release the statement, apologising to Lagosians that witnessed the scene as well as give reasons why it happened. He wrote; “Hi everyone, please i woul like to clear the air about the video going round of girls dancing around Lekki or Victoria Island. “First of, there was no reason for us to be dancing in a truck around Lekki. There was no music, no ventilation in the truck. We were shooting a music video and we had shortage of vehicles to convey people to the next location, because some of the cars broke in between the shoot, which we divided ourselves into various vehicles because we had been shooting all day and having fun which we then move to the next location. “However, this was at about 12am at midnight already. This was no advert for a strip club or dancing naked for on the streets for any type of reason. “In addition, we respect the decency in Lagos and in as much as we are entertainers, we are always mindful of what we have and not jeopardise it. And that’s why we enjoy shooting our videos in Lagos. As we all know it’s a centre of excellence and centre of entertainment. “We sincerely apologize if some people saw this and felt offended by the scenenry they saw. It was never an intent. My people i love you all, stay blessed.” Peace and love A post shared by  TEKNOMILES (@teknoofficial) on Aug 4, 2019 at 5:00am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Tekno Apologizes Over Viral Video Of Half-Naked Girls Dancing In A Moving Truck In Lagos appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv The Lagos State Signage & Advertisement Agency (LASAA) has reacted to a viral video on social media wherein music star, Tekno is seen with semi-nude women dancing in an outdoor mobile advertising truck. The footage was captured around the Lekki/Ikoyi Toll Gate at the weekend. Mobolaji Sanusi, LASAA Managing Director,… August 4, 2019 In "News" Tekno is the tope news on everyone’s feed after he was unveiled with four others as the personalities behind the display of semi-nude women dancing seductively in a display truck in traffic around the Lekki-Ikoyi link bridge in Lagos. The video surfaced online on Friday and has  caused an uproar on… August 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian actress, Belinda Effah has attacked Nigerian singer, Tekno over the recent viral video where he was seen dancing with strippers in a see-through truck along the Lekki-Epe expressway in Lagos. The actress took to her Instagram page to condemn the act, saying it is immoral and unacceptable. She called… August 4, 2019 In "News"