 The Federal Government came up recently with a statement that places of worship must obtain licenses from the Ministry of Interior before conducting weddings under the Marriage Act. This entails that every Centre of worship, either branch of a church or gathering of a religious body must apply for a license to enable such places to wed any intended couples. Also, the Ministry gave a standard of worship places that would be considered for the marriage licenses. Stanley Ihedigbo spoke with a religious leader, Minister in Charge, United Evangelical Church, Lagos, Rev. Peter Ojima, and a legal practitioner, Barrister Osa Director, on the development. Ministry Of Interior Marriage Licenses Will Not See Day Light –Ojima What is your position on the recent directive by the Federal Government through the Ministry of Interior, that a place of worship must obtain licenses before conducting weddings under the Marriage Act? First and foremost, I must start with the foundation of the man who is the president of the country. What is his position when it comes to the issue of Christianity in this country? From my experience as a minister of God, who served in the Northern region for many years. Number one is that our president is a Fulani man. Secondly, he is a Muslim and his motive is for the Christians in this country to start behaving like Muslims. If Christians are not very careful, they will walk into President’s hand and his agenda will be achieved. What is Mr. President’s plan, if as a Church, we register with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) and they issue us a certificate which authorizes us to operate as a Church? Why now, must I register with Ministry of Interior, before I will conduct marriages in my Church? Where does the constitution state that every marriage in Nigeria should pass through the Ministry of Interior? Is this development not one of the illegalities of this government? What the government supposed to do, they are not doing it. Nigerians are been killed every day and this government has not provided solutions to stop the killings. Rather, government is involving in things that will make other regions to begin to thinks otherwise. Does government want to raise money through the marriage license? In our Church, if any member wants to do court marriage, we have marriage license certificates signed by a commissioner of oath in registry court, which is under the judiciary arm of government. What is the implication that out of 4,687 licensed places of worship, only 314 have renewed their licenses to conduct statutory marriage according to the Ministry? I don’t know the license the Ministry of Interior is giving out the data or talking about. Because for us, as a Church, the only license we have, and certificate, is from Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC). We have CAC registration number which means that our church is approved by the Federal Government of Nigeria. Those Churches that go to Ministry of Interior for licenses or registrations, that is their own cup of tea, because, over 30 years of my ministry, I have not heard that the Ministry registers Churches or any religious bodies in the country. In Nigeria, we have freedom of worship and any church that went and register with Ministry of Interior is selling its birth right. If they said that it is only 314 Churches that renewed their licenses, it means that the remaining ones have realized that what they were doing before was not correct. Also, there is information from the same Ministry that 15 states in Nigeria that have worship places, did not have the legal authority to conduct wedding under the marriage act. What is your view about it? The first question, are those worshipping places registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC)? What is the statutory role of CAC in registration of organizations, which include religious bodies in Nigeria? Another question, is CAC not a federal government agency? If CAC collected money from Churches to register them, now, Ministry of Interior wants to collect money from us as well through marriage licenses. Then, what is the position of the Court Registry, which is branch of the judiciary in the country. Again, is CAC now, agency under of Ministry of Interior or are they still with Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment? Also, is marriage now business of Federal Government and why, they are putting their eyes on individual private life style. If any individual wants to wed in court, that is the person’s business and it is not compulsory. Should the issue of marriage be an item under the exclusive list of Federal the Government? Marriage issue shouldn’t be any level of government concern, because it is a personal life style of an individual. You can decide to go to your village and perform the traditional marriage with your wife, and two of you start living together. Nobody can stop two mature people from living together as husband and wife. Our fathers married without the Church or court weddings. Does it mean that their marriages were not legalized because they didn’t wed in the Church or court? If government is looking for money, they should find another means of raising fund, not to milk the Churches through this anti-people policy of marriage licenses issue. Under the new Marriage Act Policy, if you have 100 to 200 branches of your Church nationwide, you are expected to get license for each branch with N30, 000, what’s your take on such directive? My brother, if your Church headquarters obtain the marriage license, it covers the whole branches nationwide. Likewise, our Church headquarters obtained the Economic Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) certificate for money transaction and copies were distributed to every branches of the Church to enable them do their financial transactions. The agency doesn’t request that we should obtain different certificates for our branches nationwide. If, we are a bank, after paying the capital base, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) will come and ask us to still pay another capital base to all our branches, nationwide. It is not possible and the Ministry of Interior marriage licenses issue will not see the day light. I believe that government is looking for way to silence the Churches in the country. Which way forward, can the churches fight the government and win? It is time for the Christians to stand up and speak with one voice. They shouldn’t divide themselves, we are Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), and we are Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN). We don’t need that now, rather we should stand up as a body of Jesus Christ and say, that we will not accept this policy, because it is exploitation. I am very surprised that it is the same president who confessed that it was the prayer of Nigerian Christians that made him well when he was sick. Churches, Other Religious Bodies Should Comply –Director What is the implication of the recent directive by Federal Government through Ministry of Interior, on the issue of marriage licenses to religious bodies in Nigeria? Well, I guess the intention of Federal Government is to ensure that marriages conducted in Churches or any other religious bodies are legal. If you look at a section of Nigeria society, marriages conducted in worship places, you found out that lots of them are illegal or they are not marriages in the eyes of the law, in the sense that they were not conducted in the places of worship or churches register for the purpose of conducting marriages under marriage Act. I think with the essence of this new Marriage Act, I will commend the government in the sense that, it is a commendable act by the Ministry, because it is aimed at reducing the incidents and occurrences marriage that can be voided on the bases of not been conducted properly by a registered religious institution for that purpose. Because a lot of widows in Nigeria today, have suffered total hardship as result of having their marriages conducted in some Churches and they are excited that they are legally married. But truly in the eyes of law of the land, the marriage is null and void. It is not recognized because it was conducted in the Churches or worship places that were not licensed for the purpose for such marriages. I believe that this kind of directive by government will help reduce incidents of fake and illegal marriages in the country. So, it is an encouraging development. What is your advice looking at your position on the issue as many of the church leaders and other religious bodies have been kicking against it saying it is an anti-people policy? I can also appreciate the position of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and the new Marriage Act introduced by Federal Government has nothing to do with them, not to conduct themselves within the ambit of the law. The Christian leaders or any other religious bodies are looking at the logistics’ challenges, that how government can say all branches of a church should be registered with the Ministry for marriage licenses. In essence they believe that if Church A is registered to conduct marriages under the Marriage Act, it means that every branch of that church should be seen as licensed to conduct marriage. Just imagine a church that has 100 branches nationwide, it means they will have 100 marriage certificates. But, you know, it is the law of the land and it has to be obeyed by the religious bodies include the churches. So, I will encourage the Churches not to see it on negative side, they should ensure they comply with the law. What does it take to register their Churches under the new Marriage Act to conduct legal marriages in the country? If it is what the government needs to sanitize the society, it is a welcome development. But some of the Christian leaders in the country are of the opinion that the directive looked suspicious that there can be an ulterior motive behind it? Suspicious or motive in which purpose? I really don’t like these hate speech allegations. If a mosque under the Islamic Act is to conduct marriages, they also can’t conduct marriage if they are not registered with the appropriate authority. Let all the religious bodies ensure that they comply with the law, if you are asked to register your worship places so that you can conduct marriages that are legal, what conspiracy theory is that federal government is moving against the church. Those who register their religious bodies before now, was there any move against them by any government in the country? I believe, we should be law abiding citizen, and do what is right and legal in Nigeria as well what is moral as religious people. Should marriage issue be an item under the exclusive list of the Federal Government? Marriage should be an item under the concurrent list, so that both state and federal governments will be able to legislate on the conduct of the marriages in the country. The post Should Religious Bodies Comply With The New Marriage Act? appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Most marriages done in religious houses in Nigeria could be considered illegal as the Federal Government has revealed that most worship centres administering marriages in the country lack the license to do so under the statutory Marriage Act. Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Interior, Barr. Georgina E. Ehuriah declared… July 24, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" TONY EZIMAKOR Abuja – The Federal Government has decried widespread non-compliance of worship centers conducting marriages in Nigeria, saying many currently doing so lack the permit under the statutory marriage Act. Barr. Georgina E. Ehuriah, Permanent Secretary of Interior ministry stated this on Wednesday in Abuja at a one-day stakeholders’… July 24, 2019 In "News" The Federal Government has said that only 314 places of worship had renewed their licenses to conduct statutory marriages in the country. Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, Mrs. Georgina Ehuriah, made the disclosure in Abuja and warned that marriages conducted in unlicensed places of worship, remained illegal as same will… July 25, 2019 In "Wedding Digest"