 The Lagos State Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation (WAPA) on Wednesday lauded the state chapter of the Nigerian Women Journalists (NAWOJ) for sensitising the public on importance of exclusive breastfeeding. The Permanent Secretary, WAPA, Mrs Yewande Kalesanwo, gave the commendation at the NAWOJ “2019 Walk” to promote exclusive breastfeeding. Kalesanwo said the passion of the association was the same with that of the ministry to improve the wellbeing of mothers and children and to empower women. “Your passion will not go down; God will strengthen us to move Lagos State and Nigeria forward. “For all breastfeeding mothers, our breast will not go soar, and we will all reap the fruits of our labour,” Kalesanwo
represented by Mrs Funmilayo Blaise, Director, Administration and Human Resources of the Ministry, said. According to her, the state government would continue to promote exclusive breastfeeding, just as it led among other states to approve the six month maternity leave and six weeks paternity week for its working class mothers. In his remarks, Mr Shina Thoupa, the Director, Public Affairs, Lagos State Ministry Information and Strategy, also congratulated the association for the programme. Thoupa said the event revealed that NAWOJ Lagos had been revatilised and now vibrant. “I urge the new leadership of the association to remain focus and carry everyone along. “Improve on reuniting your members, as this is key to moving the association to the next level and greater glory,” she said. Thoupa, however, promised that the ministry would continue to give the women journalists necessary support in terms of encouragement and wherewithal. Also, NAWOJ Chairman, Lagos chapter, Mrs Adeola Ekine, said the yearly breastfeeding programme was aimed at promoting exclusive breastfeeding amongst women, especially, the working class mothers. Ekine said the association hopes to collaborate with WAPA to make the event a success yearly. She said that the six month exclusive breastfeeding was essential for a comprehensive development and growth of a child. The chairman said the exclusive breastfeeding also aid bonding and love between mother and child. “We are also appealing to the men to encourage their wives by supporting them to breastfeed their babies exclusively, and ensure that they eat healthy meals,” Ekine said. According to her, NAWOJ will continue to champion the course and encourage Nigerian women to religiously breastfeed their babies. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that activities for the 2019 NAWOJ Lagos Breastfeeding Week would continue intermittently until Aug. 25 with a lecture, Jumat Service and a thanksgiving service at the Chapel Light, Alausa. The post WAPA Lauds NAWOJ On 2019 “Lagos Walk” To Promote Exclusive Breastfeeding  Source: Independent