 Comrade Debo Adeniran, an activist, is the Executive Chairman, Centre for Anti-Corruption and Open Leadership (CACOL). In this interview with EJIKEME OMENAZU, he spoke on the #RevolutionNow mass protests organised by Coalition for Revolution (CORE). He also spoke on why Comrade Omoyele Sowore, Presidential candidate and National Chairman, African Action Congress (AAC), the brain behind the mass protest, should be released by the Federal Government: Excerpts: How do you see the #RevolutionNow nationwide protests? Would you say that Nigeria needed such protests, under a democracy? It depends on the perspective. For me, I will say ‘No’. But, for those who are disappointed with the programmes of the administration, they will say ‘Yes’. If an administration has not fulfilled the expectations of the people, it can lead to protests. For us, the call for a revolution is not necessary. The call may result to mass enlightenment, which may lead to anger, which may spur a revolution. They will lead to options which people may align with and embark on protests, isolated protests, picketing and other ways of expressing discontent. After the mass enlightenment and the mood of the people had been gauged, that will give an indication if the people are ready for such protest. We cannot water down a revolution to semantics. If anyone embarks a revolution to change a government, it is infantile to say the government will not react. People fought tooth and nail for an election. You do not seek the transfer of the reign of government to you without resistance. Revolutions do not come cheaply in terms of resources or impute. It is not supposed to be an adventure in the way of those behind the revolution did. The arrow heads of a revolution are heard and not seen. The way the arrow heads of this so-called revolution were writing graffiti in public places and going to hotel to sleep do not show they wanted it to succeed. They knew they were open to arrest. Their calculation was wrong, the elements did not seem to be prepared for arms resistance or put in place safeguards in case the revolution succeeds or fails. I am not sure they penetrated the military, Police or the Department of State Service (DSS). If a revolution will be successful, you should have military confidants. There is no revelation that will not have military back up actions. The planners of #RevolutionNow were careless in the way it as done. Would you say it was right for the government to have unleashed its security forces against the unarmed protesters on August 5? If the revolution had succeeded, President Buhari administration would have been removed. But, the administration has been on top of the myriads of problems. Some of us believe that government is doing well. The system had been bad since 2014 when Nigeria was formed.  To correct mistakes of over 105 years, you need more than four years. The arrow head of the #RevolutionNow, Omoyele Sowore, actually participated in the general election that ushered in the present administration. That means he believed in the system. Otherwise, he would have called for a revolution in 2019 and not an election. If you participate in a competition and failed, even if you were rigged out, it means that the forces against you are more than those with you. That is why I am not happy with the government because of the security situation. I expect the administration to up its ante in the area of intelligence gathering and management of political crisis. It is not too much for the government to identify the saboteurs and isolate them. That is a failure on the part of government. You can build a platform within one year, but it can take 10 years to rebuild it, once it is destroyed. The administration deserves to be given more time. Most of the allegations against the administration are based on conjectures. The government cannot pick on those who will help to build it, like farmers. The government wants to diversify from petroleum to agriculture, so, that they cannot destroy agriculture by encouraging the killing of the farmers. So, if the herdsmen are killing the farmers, it could be saboteurs and detractors. But, government should have identified them and isolated them. The administration seems to have more internal saboteurs. Would you say the use of the word ‘Revolution’ by the organisers of the protests could amount to treasonable felony? You do not allow anybody to put a gun on your head even when the bearer of the gun says it has not bullet. You must defend yourself. The #RevolutionNow, the way it was pronounced, was that it will change the sitting government and may be to the one managed by them. The organisers say there will not be the DSS and they will boot out the administration. The government may want to root out such attempt. That is why the arrow head was picked. No government will allow this. The government could be said to be negligent or careless. If you feel that they do not mean it and they catch the government unawares. But, labeling the participants or the acts as treasonable felony may be an overkill. We feel government wants to scare away some people. As long as they were not caught with arms, although Sowore was said to have met with Nnamdi Kanu, the IPOBB leader, there is no evidence that he has done anything to disrupt the government. The government cannot accuse him of treasonable felony. It is more like an exaggeration of the capacity of the revolutionists. It is like killing an ant with a sledgehammer. Do you think the court would not concur with the government on the issue of treasonable felony if Sowore is charged with treasonable felony? The Judiciary we have does not give assurance that they will not agree with government on this. You can see elements of sedition in some of the charges which do not hold water. But, we cannot say of the judges. It depends on the spirit with which they pursue the case. The government may rely on just the statements made by the revolutionists in the media. But, government should persuade the people to tolerate it and come up with strategies and methods to address the issue of the revolution. You can see that El-ZakyZaky has been allowed to travel abroad for treatment (the interview was conducted before Ibraheem El-Zakzaky was repatriated from India).  That means the government is now listening. Same with the Judiciary. The government is on the right path to address the issues of those who want to effect the change. Change would have been the right word and not revolution. Revolution comes with violence. But, government should not pursue the case of treasonable felony. They do not have to pursue any case. They should allow it to die because it is a sign of discontent against the government. The people were exercising their rights. What is your take on the Omoyole Sowore’s arrest two days to the August 5 protest and the court order on the DSS to detain him for 45 days in the first instance? The court has the prerogative to determine if it will be 45 days. The judge had the option of making it 90 days. Any government which wants to do something, unless it wants to be a lassie fair, if the government sees that the tension is diffused or doused, there is no need to keep holding him. If the government releases Sowore today, it will enhance its image. The capacity of doing a revolution has been watered down. The NLC, YUC, market leaders, are not there. The CSOs that participated did so on their individual capacities. Groups like CD, CLO, CDHR and other reputable civil society and rights groups are not involved. ASUU, NANS, NRTWU and the other transport unions, the Okada riders, the Keke NAPEP and others are not with them. This is unlike mass protests that had been held in the past. The organizers did not consult wider before coming up with the protests and it was bound to fail. CACOL is not involved. But, we are involved in the call  for the release of Sowore. He should be released.  The type of change we are advocating for is the type that is all-embracing. That is why we advocate for a Sovereign National Conference (SNC), which we believe will address all the issues The post The Planners of #RevolutionNow Were Careless – Adeniran  Source: Independent