Global Property & Facilities International Limited is a leading Real Estate Services firm that specializes in Integrated Facilities Management; Property Services – Advisory, Management, Leasing; Building Automation; Infrastructure management & Building Services installation & management. An award winning, African focus RES company. GPFI helps real estate owners, occupiers and investors achieve their real estate investment objectives. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Business Development / Admin Officer Location: Lagos Role Summary Responsibilities Required Education and Qualification Skill Set & Profile: Benefits Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Business Development / Admin Officer at Global Property & Facilities International Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria Global Property &amp; Facilities International Limited is a leading Real Estate Services firm that specializes in Integrated Facilities Management; Property Services &ndash; Advisory, Management, Leasing; Building Automation; Infrastructure management &amp; Building Services installation &amp; management. An award winning, African focus RES company. GPFI helps real estate owners, occupiers and investors… August 13, 2019 In "Jobs" Chateau Royal Real Estate Limited Incorporated – The principal activities of the company include real estate development, property trading and strategic real estate advisory services. With intent on improving returns on asset employed by investment in real estate sector of emerging marketing. We are recruiting to fill the position below:… June 24, 2019 In "Jobs" The Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer, Eliel Group of companies, Mrs Damilola Adefemi has urged the Federal Government to initiate schemes that would provide shelter for its citizens considering the growing population in the country. Mrs Adefemi made the call in Lagos while unveiling the services being rendered by a… January 12, 2018 In "News"