Tribune Online
Banker in court over alleged N485,000 theft A 32-year-old banker, Harris Olaniyi, was on Thursday arraigned before an Ikeja Magistrates’ Court over alleged theft of N485,000. Olaniyi, who lives at Berger, Lagos, is being tried for stealing. Following his plea of not guilty, Magistrate B.O. Osunsanmi released him on bail of N100, 000 with two sureties in like sum. Osunsanmi said that the sureties must be gainfully employed and show evidence of two years’ tax payment to the Lagos State Government. ALSO READ: Two female suspects, others nabbed for robbery in Anambra Further hearing has been fixed for Sept.18. The Prosecutor, ASP Ezekiel Ayorinde, had told the court that the defendant stole the money belonging to the Basak Microfinance Bank on June 23 at Ogba, Lagos. “The defendant received the money from a customer who paid back a loan he obtained from the bank. “He refused to remit it into the company’s account and fraudulently converted it to his own use. “When the theft was detected, he was questioned but could not give an account of the money. “He was handed over to the police,” the prosecutor said. The alleged offence contravenes Section 287 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the section prescribes three years’ jail term for stealing. Banker in court over alleged N485,000 theft
Tribune Online Source: Tribune By Onozure Dania Lagos—A former banker James Oke, arrested on board a flight out of Nigeria after allegedly stealing N25,466,330 million from the bank has been arraigned before a Lagos Magistrate’s Court sitting at Igbosere. Oke 28, alongside his accomplice Moyosore Shofowora 27, also a banker, were docked before Chief… October 9, 2017 In "News" Tribune Online Ex-banker faces N1.7m theft charge A 27-year-old ex-banker, Vincent Ita, who allegedly stole his former employer’s N1.7 million, was on Friday brought before an Igbosere Magistrates’ Court in Lagos. Ita, whose residential address was not provided, is standing trial on a two-count charge of conspiracy and stealing. He… June 28, 2019 In "News" An employee of a secondary generation bank, Peter Owojero, and a 55-year-old surety, Emmanuel Yakubu, were on Monday brought before a Yaba Chief Magistrates’ Court, Lagos, for allegedly conspiring to steal N22 million. Owojero, whose address is unknown, and Yakubu of No. 14, Sofunwa St., New Garage, Bariga, Lagos, are… July 11, 2017 In "News"