The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is a non-governmental, humanitarian organization with 60 years of experience in helping to create a safer and more dignified life for refugees and internally displaced people. NRC advocates for the rights of displaced populations and offers assistance within the shelter, emergency food security, and water, sanitation and hygiene sectors. The Norwegian Refugee Council has approximately 5000 committed and competent employees involved in projects across four continents. In addition, NRC runs one of the world’s largest standby rosters, NORCAP, with 650 professionals, ready to be deployed on 72 hours’ notice when a crisis occurs. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Shelter Specialist Ref. nr.: 4120268441
Location: Maiduguri, Brono Background About the Role Generic Responsibilities Specific Responsibilities Critical interfaces – Relevant interfaces for this position are: Scale and Scope of Position About You
Required generic professional competencies for this position: Required context specific skills, knowledge and experience: We Offer Application Closing Date
4th September, 2019. The post Shelter Specialist at the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is a non-governmental, humanitarian organization with 60 years of experience in helping to create a safer and more dignified life for refugees and internally displaced people. NRC advocates for the rights of displaced populations and offers assistance within the shelter, emergency food security, and water,… April 9, 2019 In "Jobs" The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is a non-governmental, humanitarian organization with 60 years of experience in helping to create a safer and more dignified life for refugees and internally displaced people. NRC advocates for the rights of displaced populations and offers assistance within the shelter, education, emergency food security, legal… November 23, 2018 In "Jobs" The Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC) is a non-governmental, humanitarian organization with 60 years of experience in helping to create a safer and more dignified life for refugees and internally displaced people. NRC advocates for the rights of displaced populations and offers assistance within the camp management, shelter, education, food security,… November 17, 2017 In "Jobs"