 Street singer, Adekunle Temitope popularly known as Small Doctor, has welcomed his fourth child, a bouncing baby girl from his 4th baby mama, Agbeke, who stays in Canada. Small Doctor, who many now find not to be truly small after his show of might in fathering children had 3 kids already with three different women prior to the birth of his latest 4th baby. Although he is yet to make any statement regarding the news, music fans have started to send mixed messages to the “Penalty” singer. Many are sending to him their congratulatory messages while others are chastizing him for making it a point of duty to father 4 different kids with 4 different women as they believe he is one that is an advocate of promiscuity and polygamy which do not sit well with a lot of people. Congratulations Small Doctor!   #Smalldoctor welcomes 4th child, a girl, with 4th babymama, Agbeke, in Canada A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Aug 10, 2019 at 1:20pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Small Doctor Welcomes 4th Child With 4th Baby Mama In Canada appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv In the posts, it is also clear that he may have reconciled with his 2nd baby mama although not for the right reasons. We can tell you that Diamond Platnumz is not handling being dumped very well but then again, who does?The Tanzanian singer shared some disturbing posts via his… April 16, 2018 In "News" Businesswoman, Sandra Iheuwa, who claims she is expecting Ubi Franklin’s 4th baby, issued a stern warning on her Instastories hours after the music director posted a cryptic message on his own Instastories. Ubi has since denied claims that he is expecting a child with Sandra. Sandra also claims that Ubi… June 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" 9ice with Hazzeza and Hadiza 9ice has denied the news making rounds that he is expecting his 5th child. According to reports, the ‘Living Things’ singer who is currently a father of four children; three girls and a boy, is allegedly expecting a child from a lady named Yemisi But… January 7, 2018 In "News"