 Ten scientific and technological workers have been bestowed the title
of “the Most Beautiful Sci-Tech Personnel” of 2019, for their hard
work, dedication and innovation, according to Xinhuanet.com reports. They were selected for having made outstanding achievements in
research, in science popularization, key-task tackling for poverty
eradication, or for having great contribution to the cause of building
a community with a shared future for humanity. The event was organized with the auspices of six organizations,
including the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Chinese Academy
of Sciences and the Publicity Department of the Central Committee of
the Communist Party of China. A special ceremony was held recently at China Media Group, one of
China’s major broadcasters, where the ten honorees were presented a
certificate of the honor and video clips about their stories were
shown. The post China Honors Ten Outstanding Scientific Workers Source: Independent EJIKEME OMENAZU and OYENIRAN APATA LAGOS –Â Three distinguished Nigerian scientists have emerged co-winners of the 2018 Nigerian Academy of Science (NAS) gold medal prize for life sciences. This followed their outstanding research works in the area of molecular genetics and biotechnology addressed to solving significant health problems affecting mankind. Professor… November 30, 2018 In "News" The failure of the leadership of the National Assembly (NASS) to put in place a new National Assembly Service Commission (NASC) appeared to have worsened the crisis rocking the institution, sources close to the legislature have said. Staff of the National Assembly under the aegis of Parliamentary Staff Association of… December 17, 2018 In "News" The Ten Outstanding Young Persons Critically acclaimed music producer, performer and songwriter, Cobhams Asuquo, Founder /CEO ReelFruit, Affiong Williams, Founder/CEO Printivo, Oluyomi Ojo and seven other young Nigerian professionals have been announced as honorees in the 2017 JCI Ten Outstanding Young Persons (TOYP) Awards in Nigeria. Cobhams was recognized for… July 27, 2017 In "News"