Expanse Technology Limited – We are a small team of designers and developers with a wealth of experience in building digital products. We work with companies on innovative ideas, and partner with them to bring ideas to life. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply WTS Energy provides recruitment and manpower services for the global oil and gas and energy industries. We supply engineers and consultants to our clients’ projects and operations, and perform employment outsourcing services such as workforce management in oil and gas regions around the world. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The Dangote Group is a diversified and fully integrated conglomerate with interests across a range of sectors in Nigeria and Africa. Current interests include Cement, Sugar, Flour, Salt, Pasta, Beverages, Noodles, Poly Products, Transportation and real estate with new initiatives in the Oil and Gas, Telecommunication, Fertilizer and Steel sector of the economy. Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Trending Job Vacancies at Dangote Group, WTS Energy & Expanse Technology Limited (August, 2019 Jobs) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria (A). MainOne Cable Nigeria MainOne’s success is built on having talented and highly proficient people within their respective fields as the driving force behind our business. 1. Front Desk Officer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. OSP Engineer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. IT Application Developer Click… July 3, 2019 In "Jobs" Expanse Technology Limited – We are a small team of designers and developers with a wealth of experience in building digital products. We work with companies on innovative ideas, and partner with them to bring ideas to life. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: 1. Frontend Developer … August 2, 2019 In "Jobs" WTS Energy provides recruitment and manpower services for the global oil and gas and energy industries. We supply engineers and consultants to our clients’ projects and operations, and perform employment outsourcing services such as workforce management in oil and gas regions around the world. WTS Energy operates globally with offices… August 2, 2019 In "Jobs"