 A Catholic priest of Enugu Diocese, Reverend Fr. Paul Offu has been reportedly shot dead by unidentified gunmen. The priest was said to have been killed in Awgu Local Government Area of the state around 7:30 p.m. on Thursday night. Offu’s death is coming barely five months after Rev. Fr. Clement Ugwu, the parish priest of St Mark Catholic Church, Obinofia Ndiuno in Ezeagu Local Government Area of the State was killed. Fr. Ugwu, who was kidnapped on March 20, 2019 was found dead in a bush decomposing after a one-week search by his parishioners. Communication’s Director, Catholic Diocese of Enugu Reverend Fr. Benjamin Achi confirmed the tragic news. Fr. Achi who decried the killing, said that details of the incident would be made available to our correspondent after the meeting of the priests this morning. He said “We (priests) are going for meeting now at the diocese. After the meeting, I will give you the details and the position of the church on the incident.” When the state Commissioner of police, Sulieman Balarabe was contacted on the telephone, he said he would get back to our correspondent, after getting details from the Area Commander. NAN The post Catholic Priest Shot Dead In Enugu appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Benin – Less than a month after a Catholic Priest was abducted and murdered in Imo state, another Catholic priest, Rev. Fr. Lawrence Adorolo, from the  Auchi Diocese of Edo State was reportedly abducted by gunmen at Okpella in Etsako East Local Government of the State. Rev Fr. Adorolo who was said… September 28, 2017 In "News" Abducted Parish Priest of St. Benedict Church, Iddo 2, Okpella of Auchi Diocese, Fr. Lawrence Adorolo, who was abducted on Wednesday has been released. Fr. Adorolo was abducted along Auchi-Okene highway at about 6pm while returning from Igarra in Akoko-Edo local government area where he attended the ‘Month Mind’ of the oldest Priest of the Auchi Diocese, late Fr.… September 30, 2017 In "News" Reverend Father John Bako Shekwolo, the Parish Priest of St. Theresa Catholic Church, Ankwa Kachia Local Government Area of Kaduna State, has been abducted. News of his abduction was disclosed by Revd Fr. Daniel Kyon, the Chancellor of Kaduna Archdiocese, via a statement issued in Kaduna on Monday. The priest… March 25, 2019 In "Gists"