 Stocks on the Continent were staging a small bounce come midday after China’s central bank set a higher fix for the country’s currency, the yuan. Overnight, the People’s Bank of China set its daily fix for the yuan at 6.9683 against the US dollar, which was stronger than the 6.9736 midpoint that Reuters had anticipated and saw the spot rate fall back below the psychological 7.0 level, allaying some concerns of a further imminent escalation in the trade war between the US and China. Just hours before, the US Treasury had chosen to name the People’s Republic of China a currency manipulator for the first time since 1994 following yuan weakness the day before that some analysts said was “fair” to interpret as a deliberate move by Beijing, although traders were watching the daily fixings for a possible confirmation. As of 1148 BST, the benchmark Stoxx 600 was trading higher by 0.61% to 371.69, while the German Dax was up by 0.66% to 11,735.40, and the French Cac-40 was ahead by 0.97% to 5,292.56. In parallel, the US dollar was down by 0.27% to 7.0318 against the yuan and the euro was 0.14% lower at 7.8760. Commenting on the PBoC’s decision to allow the yuan to weaken below 7.0 against the US dollar and the US Treasury’s decision to name China a “currency manipulator”, analysts at HSBC said that escalating tensions were chipping away on what good will there was between the US and China and that the risk of the trade war lasting “well into” 2019 or escalating further was rising. “It is possible that the working level dialogue and high level meeting in September may not happen,” they added. “It is also possible that these meetings go ahead but do little to change the trajectory of the trade war.” There was also some positive news in the latest economic data. According to the Federal Office of Statistics, German factory orders increased at a month-on-month pace of 2.5% in June (consensus: 0.5%), driven by a 8.6% jump in orders from outside the euro area. But market commentary was quick to point out the role played by orders for ‘big ticket’ items, with even the German economy ministry reportedly saying that the sector had not yet reached a turning point. Shares of Vivendi were a top riser in early trading after announcing its intention to sell a 10.0% stake in Universal Music Group to China’s Tencent. The post Small Bounce For Stocks But US-China Trade War Still In Focus Source: Independent The United States and China slapped tit-for-tat duties on $34 billion worth of each other’s imports on Friday, with Beijing accusing Washington of triggering the “largest-scale trade war” as the world’s two biggest economies sharply escalated their conflict. Hours before Washington’s deadline for the tariffs to take effect, U.S. President Donald… July 7, 2018 In "News" CBN said the availability of Renminbi will ease pressure on the foreign exchange market. Nigeria&apos;s Central Bank (CBN) sold yuan at a range of N49 and N51 at its first auction of the Chinese currency last week under the swap agreement with the People’s Bank of China.Traders told Reuters on… July 31, 2018 In "News" PHOTO: OSCAR SIAGIAN/AFP/Getty ImagesThe dollar continued to brush aside other currencies Thursday after further proof of the booming US economy sent Treasury yields surging, but Asian equities sank with more Federal Reserve rate hikes looking certain. A forecast-busting private jobs report, a surge in activity in the services sector and… October 4, 2018 In "News"