 Award-winning Nigerian born music star, Waje has just announced her first-ever owned concert; Red Velvet. According to the organizers, the concert will showcase the songbird’s latest critically acclaimed R&B album ‘Red Velvet’. With the concert, Waje delves into familiar territory to explore the passionate themes from the album with a distinctively new burlesque story-telling style. Attendees can expect a full-blown bedroom musical; from sensual, soulful lovelorn ballads to fierce energetic affirmations.  Johnny Drille leads the pack of stars billed for the concert which also includes Nonso Bassey, Chike and Good girl LA among others. The event would be hosted by Chigul. Date: Sunday, September 1st, 2019
Time: 5pm (Red Carpet) / Show starts at 7pm
Venue: Shell Hall Muson Centre, Onikan, Lagos She announced on Instagram “I have wanted to do this for a long time, to sing my truth to the world; my way. My goal has been to have a very intimate, passionate experience with you. The stars have aligned and it’s finally time, Please join me.” She added.  The post Waje Announces First Ever-Owned Concert ‘Red Velvet’ with hot photos appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Award-winning Nigerian born music star, Waje has just announced her first-ever owned concert; Red Velvet. According to the organizers, the concert will showcase the songbird’s latest critically acclaimed R&B album ‘Red Velvet’. With the concert, Waje delves into familiar territory to explore the passionate themes from the album with a… August 3, 2019 In "Entertainment" Award-winning Nigerian born music star, Waje has just announced her first-ever owned concert; Red Velvet which will be happening up on September 1st, 2019 at the Shell Hall Muson Centre, Onikan, Lagos. According to the organizers, the concert will showcase the songbird’s latest critically acclaimed R&B album ‘Red Velvet’. With the… August 2, 2019 In "Music/Video" In a clip that began to circulate on social media on Sunday, R&B powerhouse Waje was granting an interview wherein she lamented how her music career is taking the bulk of her funds, and also the fact that she isn’t as recognized and appreciated as she should. Her career that… March 25, 2019 In "News"