 TV presenter Simon Thomas will open the COVER Protection & Health Summit with a keynote address on Thursday 10th October at The Brewery, London. Starting out as a Blue Peter presenter in 1999, Thomas spent 12 years as an anchor for Sky Sports, appearing as the face of Premier League football coverage. As well as live sporting events for Cricket and Grand Prix, he hosted 80,000 people at the Olympic Stadium for London 2012. However, Thomas’ life was changed beyond recognition when his wife Gemma died just three days after being diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia in November 2017 at the age of 40, tragically leaving behind their nine-year-old son Ethan. Thomas documented his experience of grief and its mental health impact in his book published in June 2019 entitled ‘Love, Interrupted: Navigating Grief One Day at a Time’. He has also spoken openly about the importance of life insurance at a time of need. Speaking from a personal perspective at thec this year, his keynote session will explore the life-shattering impact that a critical illness can have on a family – emotionally and professionally – and how the right protection advice has the power to be crucial when facing something unthinkable. The post Ex-Blue Peter Presenter Named Keynote Speaker At COVER Summit  Source: Independent By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, will be delivering the keynote address at this year’s Africa Summit, themed “What Makes Africa Work” taking place in London, United Kingdom from tomorrow the 8th to the 9th of October, 2017. According to a statement by his spokesman, Laolu Akande, the… October 8, 2017 In "News" Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Saturday, left Abuja for the United Kingdom to participate in Africa Summit organised by the Financial Times. According to a statement issued by his spokesman, Laolu Akande, in Abuja, he will be delivering the keynote address at this year’s summit with the… October 7, 2017 In "News" The Human Rights, Sexuality and The Law Summit organized by The Initiative for Equal Rights (TIERS) and the Equality Hub is slated to be the most important event this year for people committed to the fight for the recognition of the rights of LGBTIQ persons in Nigeria and by extension… November 27, 2017 In "News"