 Lagos – The Women Wing of Christian Association of Nigeria (WOWICAN), Lagos State Chapter, has called for love and unity among Christian women. At the annual seminar and hymnal book launch of WOWICAN held recently in Hoare’s Methodist Church, Sabo Yaba, Lagos, participants were also tasked to imbibe habits to promote healthy living. Elizabeth Onojobi, chairperson of WOWICAN in Lagos, said this year’s conference, which hinged on arthritis was to address the medical condition, as some medical doctors were on ground to give health talks. However, she called on women not to neglect their role in raising godly children, building their homes and thus affecting the nation positively. Relating the problem of corruption and unruly behaviour in the nation to inadequate home training, she cautioned women to instill godly character in their children as well create adequate time for their families. She also viewed that if women have enough time to care for their offspring and wards, the issue of abuse and rape would not be rampant as it were in the society today. “Charity begins from home and the first person there is the mother; that is why it is good to educate a child from birth because you find out that when the child has already moved up with time, it will be difficult to groom that child. “This is part of the problems we are experiencing in this country now; we have majority of our women as career women including the market women too. They don’t have time and we are talking about abuses at all times. If you take children to crèche and if you are not very careful about the kind of crèche that you take your child to, it may be the first problem that you will encounter. “If you get a housemaid or a man maid, they can abuse the child. A woman can choose to work from the house in order to take care of her children. It is all about planning between her and the husband. Also we cannot be praying without taking positive actions and that is why mothers need to nurture their children,” Onojobi said. Addressing the exposure of children to pornographic contents especially via mobile phones, the WOWICAN chairperson stated, “There should be an age before a child starts handling phones especially internet enabled phones; the onus lies on parents to ensure their children do not engage in watching pornographic contents.” However, Bishop Stephen Adegbite of the Methodist Church of Nigeria, represented by  The Rev. Ifeanyichukwu Okeke, Bishop Mary Ajisafe, Rev. Iphy Okonkwo, Prophetess Ayobami Akinadewo, Rev. Glory Akpabio were part of the Christian leaders who graced the occasion. The post WOWICAN Tasks Women On Unity, Healthy Living Source: Independent