It’s the final month of summer #cannotbelieveit. To get inspired, prepared, not to mention super pumped for our final summer holiday trips, we decided to take a glimpse into what four jet-setting fashion and beauty influencers have to have on holiday; basically the top three travel essentials they cannot live without!  From prestige beauty moisturizers to trusty old oils, make sure these end up on your next holiday checklist . Here’s how these tastemakers say bon voyage to not looking your best. @simplycyn Courtesy Innisfree Website Courtesy Kiehl’s Website Courtesy Morphe Website @detoblack lookfantastic.com jaxxcosmetics.com ‘A coloured lipstick from Jaxx Cosmetics, cause on holiday a coloured lip will compliment your sun kissed skin.’ chantecaille.com Definitely cannot step outside my house without sunscreen, and my favourite brand for this is Chantecaille. @sisabrinabella vaseline.co.uk In as much as I love my CLARINS Hydra- Essentiel lip gloss or moisture replenishing lip balm as they call it, when I travel I trade that in  for a 50ml Vaseline: light hydrating jelly aloe fresh (has to be the one with aloe). In fact it’s always in my bag now! Not only does it keep my lips hydrated and popping, it serves as my multiple purpose solution. When I wear back to back makeup my face almost always reacts and just like that Vaseline to the rescue as it becomes an instant antidote for my hives/puffy eyes (I take an allergy pill too but Vaseline is step one LOL). I also use it to take off heavy eye makeup as it helps in preventing too much friction on the eyes in the wiping off process. So it’s truly a multiple purpose beauty product for me and a definite must have for all my travels A post shared by Pearl Luxury Company (@pearlluxurylashes) on Jul 9, 2019 at 7:07am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js ‘I know it’s kind of crazy to say strip lashes are a must have when I’m going on vacay but the truth is… I either have 0 makeup on or a fully contoured face with lashes. I can do without eyeshadow, in fact I hardly ever put on eyeshadow these days but strip lashes are a must. I find that my makeup is incomplete without them and specifically pearl luxury lashes! Since I started using them no other lash feels right or looks right. The “Sabrina”  by Pearl Luxury Lashes (named after me) are my absolute fave, they can always be found in my makeup bag or accentuating my eyes. I can buy my Lancôme Teint Idole ultra long wear foundation at the airport or in a beauty store pretty much anywhere around the world but not the Sabrina lashes so it always flies with me.’ sephora.com ‘I am not done packing till I pack at least 3 perfumes. The most important of the 3 is the smallest bottle because it remains in my handbag the entire trip. I love smelling good and my nose is ultra sensitive or delicate, not sure what adjective works best but let’s just say it can smell anything foul from miles away so I like having perfume within reach to solve the problem. More often it’s just nice having a  perfume to spray right before stepping out of the plane or leaving the airport or during a night out. My current in-bag travel perfume is Tom Ford Neroli Portofino (Eau de Parfum 50ml). On a trip from Istanbul to Nice, I was so late that I was literally running through the airport to catch the flight and I felt gross upon getting to the counter. I opened my bag and you know what I did next! When I sat down the girl next to me said “What perfume are you wearing? I really like it, smells great!” I couldn’t stop smiling…’ @nicolechikwe lookfantastic.com ‘I never travel with makeup on because I have acne prone skin, and that combined with the not so great recycled air, makeup AND bacteria everywhere always equals disaster for me. I love the Bioderma wipes because they give my skin a gentle but thorough cleanse without being too stripping. ‘ lookfantastic.com ‘Although I have oily skin, cabin air could dry out a frying pan of small chops. Hyaluronic Acid is a must have because it is super lightweight but penetrates deep into the skin, and I love the nifty Hydraluron tube. I usually use this after the Bioderma wipes (both after Takeoff and before Landing)’ ‘Possibly the most versatile beauty product ever. I use this on my lips (and hands) several times during the flight, and I use a quick swipe on my eyelids right before we land to fake a dewy look and look like I might actually have my life together. ‘ The post 4 Fashion Girls Share The Beauty Essentials They Never Travel Without appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Tribune Online Financing holidays Leisure is a vital part of life. It is essential to take time off work and away from familiar environments to refresh and reenergise. As we build our wealth and manage our finances, we must budget in holidays. This is one of the ways to live… June 12, 2019 In "News" Hi BellaNaijarians, Are you a BellaStylista yet? We’re here trying to convert you with your weekly dose of style around Africa; it’s time for the BellaNaija Style Recap! Here’s what you’ve missed in the past week over there on our awesome African style, beauty and living website! Check out this post, and click on the… August 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" Our theme for June on BellaNaija Style was “Summer Glowgenda” – A.K.A an agenda for your summer glow up. As rightfully stated by our Editor-at-Large, while this usually means a superficial ‘upgrade’  in your physical appearance, we decided to delve deeper and look into a glow up for it all… July 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"