 A body found in the massive search for a missing 15-year-old with
special needs in Malaysia has been confirmed to be the British teen
Nora Quoirin, according to Nbcnews.com reports. She was on a family holiday and disappeared from a Malaysian
eco-resort on Aug. 4. On the tenth day of intense search, her body was found in the jungle
by the rescue team. Police chief Mohamad Mat Yusop verified that it
was Quoirin’s body. BREAKING: The family of missing 15-year-old Nora Quoirin have confirmed the body found in Malaysia is that of the missing schoolgirl. For the latest on the story: https://t.co/YIDKYKG8bA pic.twitter.com/rkwfFqMaqM — Sky News (@SkyNews) August 13, 2019  The body was taken to a hospital via helicopter, where her parents
Meabh and Sebastien Quoirin went to identify it, informed a press
conference, according to the Mirror. An autopsy will be conducted tomorrow morning by a chief pathologist
from Kuala Lumpur. No other white-skinned females reported missing in the area. “We are very certain (the body belongs to Nora Quoirin)’” says the Deputy Inspector General of Police. Still classified as a missing persons case for now. https://t.co/iuvJSbytJ1 — Sumisha Naidu (@sumishanaidu) August 13, 2019  The Lucie Blackman Trust released a statement saying, “The Lucie
Blackman Trust can confirm with great sadness that the body found
today is that of missing teenager Nora Quoirin. Local police have confirmed identification. The charity will update as
soon as possible. Please respect the family and do not approach them
at this difficult time. All at The Lucie Blackman Trust are thinking of the family and
continue to support them as they come to terms with this news.” Police chief Mazlan Mansor earlier said in a press conference that the
body looks like Nora but, “it is yet to be confirmed by the family.” “We have informed the family of the news. They are now going to the
mortuary to identify the body,” said Mansor. [INFOGRAPHIC] What's happened since Nora Quoirin went missing pic.twitter.com/w4Qss9hAkA — TheMalaysianInsight (@msianinsight) August 13, 2019  “We are quite, very, certain but are waiting for the family to visit
the hospital,” he added later. Mansor said that the body was found about a mile and a half from the
eco-resort by a waterfall, a man had telephoned the authorities to say
he discovered the body. A body has been found, in the hunt for missing Irish teenager Nora Quoirin. Negri Sembilan police say the body is that of a white female found near Gunung Berembun in Pantai Hills 2km from the resort where the 15-year old was on holiday with her family pic.twitter.com/V6BerXstDE — BFM News (@NewsBFM) August 13, 2019  Adding that the body “was not in any clothings.” Not long before the body was found, volunteer searcher Shirley Yap
said they were going to search around a waterfall. She had heard that
the teenage girl was excited about seeing a waterfall. Nora’s family believe that it’s possible that she was abducted from
their cottage. She was born with holoprosencephaly, a brain defect. Such devastating news! Police have now CONFIRMED that the body discovered earlier today is that of Nora Quoirin. We send our thoughts and prayers to Nora’s family and friends and hope that they can discover how their beloved daughter lost her life so tragically. RIP #NoraQuoirin pic.twitter.com/ouNqukVVT0 — The Rumble (@theRumble9) August 13, 2019  Such awful news!! A body of a “white skinned, female body” has been discovered Betembum Mountains. It is believed, though not confirmed, that the body is that of missing British teenager Nora Quoirin. #BREAKING #news #noraquoirin 🎥: @SkyNews pic.twitter.com/Vgl1d2GPsY — The Rumble (@theRumble9) August 13, 2019  BREAKING: Police searching for missing teen Nora Quoirin find body in Malaysian jungle.https://t.co/DKKmfhD1HL pic.twitter.com/ALbox7cinI — LADbible (@ladbible) August 13, 2019  The post Nora Quoirin, 15, Found Dead By Waterfall – Malaysian Police appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent