 LAGOS – With less than a year into the current administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, the race to succeed him has already begun with the name of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), coming atop. Though there have been denials by some of those close to the APC leader, but Tinubu himself has not denied or confirmed the rumour. Recently, two gigantic billboards with the inscription ‘BAT 2023’ and a popular photograph of the APC leader were seen mounted on a building around Ikeja, Lagos State. Tinubu’s alleged ambition seems to be causing serious division among Nigerians, as the former governor of Lagos State, is currently trending on twitter with lots of comments supporting his ambition and others denouncing his aspiration. While some believed that Tinubu will make the kind of president the country deserves, being the architect of modern Lagos, others are of the opinion that he is one of the problems of Nigeria. A former chairman of Lagos chapter of the APC, Chief Henry Ajomale, who is one of Tinubu’s loyalists, recently vowed that no group can stop the presidential ambition of the APC national leader come 2023. Ajomale was reacting to a statement credited to the Miyetti Allah’s national president, Abdullahi Bodejo, where he said Tinubu will not be president of Nigeria in 2023. The APC chieftain, who berated Bodejo for playing God, and saying power will stay in north beyond President Buhari’s tenure, maintained that millions of Bodejo cannot stop the former Lagos governor from ascending the stool of presidency in 2023. He described Bodejo’s statement as reckless and unfortunate, adding that nobody knows what will happen before 2023. According to Ajomale, “Is Bodejo God that he should be making that kind of declaration? Only God knows tomorrow. Bodejo is going too far by trying to play God. ‘What Bodejo should realise is that if God has destined it that Tinubu will be president of Nigeria in 2023, one million Bodejos of this world can’t stop it. Who even knows what will happen between now and 2023; it is only God. Bodejo’s statement is not only reckless but also very unfortunate.” A former Minister of Works, Senator Adeseye Ogunlewe, recently declared that Tinubu was the best person to succeed President Buhari in 2023. The former minister, who recently dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), for the ruling APC, affirmed that he was going to throw his weight behind the former governor to emerge president in 2023. He said: “I have been reading and watching a lot of comments about it. I believe 2023 should be thrown open. Nobody should be shut out. There is nothing wrong about South West showing interest. We are talking about democracy. “What is the noise about Tinubu all about? Is Tinubu not qualified to contest? We are talking about democracy. To shut out some people or group is undemocratic. Tinubu has paid his dues. If Tinubu wants to contest, let him contest, and let Nigerians decide his fate. Tinubu is a dogged fighter. He has triumphed over many challenges. He has seen it all. He can do it if given the chance. Tinubu is from the South West, and anything for the progress of South West, I’m for it. If the 2023 project is for South-West interest, then I’m now on the same page with Tinubu, and I have no apology for it.” The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council (OYC), recently spoke on the issue, saying Igbos in the South West will be mobilised to thwart any plan by Tinubu to lead the country. In a statement by its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, the group accused the APC national leader of unleashing terror on the peaceful Igbo during the 2015 and 2019 presidential elections. While flashing back to a threat by the Oba of Lagos, Rilwan Akiolu, to drown Igbo voters inside the lagoon if they didn’t vote the APC in 2015, the group also cited the alleged secret mobilisation of OPC boys to chase away potential Igbo voters in some quarters in the South West, especially Lagos state. The statement asked the APC leader to clear himself of the “allegations of fighting Igbos not to be part of President Buhari’s government, resisting the plea of Northern Elders Forum for Buhari to appoint an Igbo as Secretary to the Federal Government in 2015, provocative onslaught against the Igbos through demolition of markets in areas Igbos won some Federal and State Legislative seats in Lagos.” It added that “Northerners are now wiser than 2015 where they blindly entered political alliance with South West that solely benefitted Tinubu political dynasty. They have clearly seen that Tinubu’s Presidency will divide Nigeria along ethnic and religious lines. “As the political pact and alliance between the North and South West led by Tinubu seems crumbling, the road is cleared for the re-alignment of the North and Eastern Region becomes more feasible.” The group, however, urged the Igbos to embrace the North to have a chance to succeed President Buhari in 2023. The immediate former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, had claimed last year that the former governor (Tinubu) was supporting Buhari’s re-election with the hope that Buhari would, in turn, support him (Tinubu) in 2023. Saraki, who made the allegation in a statement, was responding to a claim by Tinubu that he (Saraki) dumped the APC because of his presidential ambition and selfish quest for power rather than good governance. The former Kwara State governor alleged that when Tinubu was appointed the head of the APC’s reconciliation committee, he (Tinubu) reached out to him and admitted that he was also not satisfied with Buhari’s performance but he would remain in the party so that he (Tinubu) could emerge President in 2023. Saraki also said that Tinubu told him that he would support Buhari even if the President was on a stretcher, adding that, “However, during those meetings, the point of disagreement between me and him was that while I expressed my worry that there was nothing on the ground to assure me that the administrative style and attitude would change in the next four years in a manner that would enable us to deliver the positive changes we promised to our people, he (Tinubu) expressed a strong opinion that he would rather ‘support a Buhari on the hospital stretcher’ to get a second term because in 2023, power will shift to the South West. “This Tinubu viewpoint was not only expressed to me but to several of my colleagues; so much for acting in national interest. “It is clear that while my own decision is based on protecting collective, national interest, Tinubu will rather live with the identified inadequacies in the government for the sake of fulfilling and preserving his presidential ambition in 2023. This new position of Tinubu has only demonstrated inconsistency, particularly when one reviews his antecedent over the years.” The former Senate President maintained that Tinubu was still sulking over the fact that he (Saraki) was one of those who opposed Tinubu’s bid to emerge as the running mate of Buhari in 2014. Saraki said he had insisted that Buhari’s running mate should be a Christian for the sake of balance; a decision which he said angered Tinubu. “Again, let me reiterate my position that my uncertain and complex relationship with Tinubu has been continually defined by the event of 2014 when I and other APC leaders opposed the Muslim-Muslim ticket arrangement about to be foisted on the party for the 2015 polls. “It should be noted that he has not forgotten the fact that I took the bull by the horns and told him that in the interest of the country, he should accept the need for the party to present a balanced ticket for the 2015 general elections in terms of religion and geopolitical zones. “Since that time he has been very active, plotting at every point to undermine me, within and outside the National Assembly”, Saraki said, adding that his decision to quit the APC was based on Buhari’s disrespect for the legislative arm of government.” He alleged that the president expected the National Assembly to be a “rubber stamp”, he stated, also maintaining that Tinubu had once criticised Buhari but had decided to change his mind for selfish reasons. “I can also vividly recall that he himself always expressed his displeasure with the style of the government and also mentioned that he had equally suffered disrespect from the same government which we all worked to put in office.” Corroborating Saraki’s claim, the Sokoto State Governor, Aminu Tambuwal, alleged that “Tinubu tried to rock the boat when he was denied Buhari’s vice presidency. He thinks every other person could behave his way. If I wanted to contest under the APC as president, I could have done so and only the votes could have produced a winner.” Tambuwal said this while responding to Tinubu’s allegations that he (Tambuwal) left the APC because the party refused to grant his demand for automatic ticket in 2019. In his response on the twitter handle of the Sokoto State government, Tambuwal denied that he defected from the APC because he was not given an automatic ticket. He wrote, “If I wanted to, I could contest against President Buhari under the APC. I have what it takes to have contested against Mr. President. “I adduced reasons of my defection to the PDP. The reasons are still on record. Automatic ticket by the APC is certainly not part of that. I have given the people of Sokoto State the reasons I defected and automatic ticket was not among. “Tinubu is confessing that there is no level playing field for all members of the APC; that there is no internal democracy in it and that some people were denied their rights to internal democracy,” Tambuwal stated. Though, the Kaduna State governor, Nasir El-Rufai, had canvassed for the abandonment of zoning arrangements for political offices as currently obtained in the country, insisting that the arrangement needed to be de-emphasised and abandoned in favour of competence. On Monday, Shehu Sani, a former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial District kicked against El-Rufai’s suggestion of jettisoning the zoning arrangement, saying it would be unfair to deny the South West geopolitical zone the presidency in 2023. The former Senator said, “It will be a serious threat to the future and peace of the country if the northern region continues to dominate the leadership of the nation because of its numerical strength. “The President should caution those from the North eyeing that position. Power needs to rotate to other regions. The South West worked tirelessly to remove the PDP from office and helped to bring Nigeria to where it is today and deserves support from the North come 2023. “If federal character is applied on appointments and other areas, it should also be applicable in the political space,” Sani said. Earlier in July, Tinubu’s spokesperson, Tunde Rahman, had reacted to some souvenirs, which included pictures, caps, T-shirts, and even leaflets with Bola Tinubu 2023 embossed on them, flying around some parts of the country, saying, “We have seen pictures of caps, T-shirts, shirts and even leaflets with Bola Tinubu 2023 embossed on them purportedly by a faceless group, which christened itself ‘Asiwaju Reloaded Ambassadors’. “Neither the group nor its souvenirs are known to Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. We hereby, through this medium, categorically deny any knowledge of the group and dissociate Asiwaju Tinubu from the group’s unsolicited and unwarranted materials.” To some political observers and watchers of actors in the current democratic dispensation, whether Rahman is saying the truth or not, only time will tell as 2023 is very much close by. The post Much Ado About Tinubu’s 2023 Presidential Ambition  Source: Independent The Free Lagos Movement says Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is positioning his son to become Governor of Lagos State in 2023. The group also accused Tinubu of placing his relatives in key positions in the state, noting that the APC leader has turned Lagos… February 28, 2019 In "Gists" Lagos – There are indications that all is not well in the South-West chapter of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) over the ministerial list submitted by President Muhammadu Buhari to the Senate last week. A credible source in the National Working Committee (NWC) of the party said Asiwaju Bola Tinubu,… July 29, 2019 In "News" President Alpha Condé of Guinea visited President Muhammadu Buhari in Daura, Katsina State, at the weekend to lobby for his friend, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), to clinch the presidential candidacy of the party in 2023, Daily Independent has gathered. Though Condé’s visit… August 12, 2019 In "News"