 DAMATURU – Yobe state has flagged off this year’s World breastfeeding day with the theme,’Empowering Parents, Enabling Breastfeeding’. World breastfeeding week is celebrated every year to create awareness about the importance of breastfeeding and how it is necessary for a baby’s development. In his opening remarks, Baba Malam Wali, secretary to the state government (SSG), said the breastfeeding day is being observed based on the import it attaches to the growth and development of the children. He said there was need for continued sensitization on breastfeeding in order to improve the health of babies in the sate. According to him:”Mother’s milk is a boon for a baby’s health. It is the ultimate source of nutrients for the babies during the initial years. “Mother’s milk can protect the baby from infections and several diseases.” He explained that state government its best to improve nutrition and health of the citizens. He solicited for the continued Intervention of the development partners, organisations in order to promote the importance of family-friendly policies and also encourage parents to develop a bond with their children during the initial years of birth. The executive secretary, Yobe state primary health care management board, Dr. Mohammed Lawan Gana said that Yobe state government was committed to demonstrating its support for breastfeeding of the young child. The post …Flags Off Breastfeeding Week Source: Independent Stakeholders in the health sector, on Tuesday stressed the need for six months exclusive breastfeeding to improve the health of babies and the mothers. The stakeholders elaborated on the health benefits of exclusive breastfeeding during the commemoration of 2019 World Breastfeeding Week (WBW) in Abuja. The theme for this year’s celebration is… August 6, 2019 In "News" By Chioma Obinna Last Monday, Nigeria joined the rest of the world to mark the end of this year’s World Breastfeeding Week (August 1-7) held under the theme: “Sustaining Breastfeeding Together”. The nation’s slow progress on exclusive breastfeeding came into sharp focus. Nigerian mothers in the past took pride in… August 13, 2017 In "News" The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) said on Saturday that it would support Kaduna State Government to adopt family-friendly policies that support optimal breastfeeding. UNICEF said that the family-friendly policies would promote healthy growth and development of infants. Mrs Chinwe Ezeife, Nutrition Specialist, UNICEF, Kaduna Field Office, made this known… August 3, 2019 In "News"