 Russia said Saturday an explosion at an Arctic missile testing site
killed five nuclear agency staff and involved radioactive isotopes
after a nearby city reported a spike in radiation levels. In a statement, Russia’s nuclear agency Rosatom said the accident on
Thursday at a secret military facility also left three staff with
burns and other injuries. The military had not previously described the accident as involving
nuclear fuel and said radiation levels were normal afterwards. But officials in the nearby city of Severodvinsk reported that
radiation levels were briefly raised after the accident. The accident occurred in the far northern Arkhangelsk region during
testing of a liquid propellant jet engine. An explosion sparked a
fire, killing two, the defence ministry said in a brief statement. Rosatom said its staff were providing engineering and technical
support for the “isotope power source” of the engine being tested. The authorities have released few details of the accident at the
Nyonoksa test site on the White Sea, used for testing missiles
deployed in nuclear submarines and ships since the Soviet era. The defence ministry said six defence ministry employees and a
developer were injured while two “specialists” died of their wounds. It was not immediately clear whether the death toll reported by
Rosatom included the fatalities announced earlier by the defence
ministry. Russian state news agencies quoted a defence ministry source as saying
both defence ministry and Rosatom employees were killed. – Radiation spike – The authorities in Severodvinsk, 30 kilometres (19 miles) from the
test site, said on their website on Thursday that automatic radiation
detection sensors in the city “recorded a brief rise in radiation
levels” around noon that day. The post was later taken down and the defence ministry said that
radiation levels were normal after the accident. An official responsible for civil defence, Valentin Magomedov, told
TASS state news agency on Thursday that radiation levels rose to 2.0
microsieverts per hour for half an hour from 11:50 am (0850 GMT),
before falling sharply. He said this exceeded the permitted limit of 0.6 microsieverts, TASS reported. Greenpeace Russia published a letter from officials at a Moscow
nuclear research centre giving the same figure, but saying higher
radiation levels lasted for an hour. The officials said this did not
present any significant risk to public health. Russian online media published unattributed video that journalists
said showed a line of ambulances speeding through Moscow to take the
injured to a centre that specialises in the treatment of radiation
victims. Rosatom said that the injured were being treated at a “specialised
medical centre”. – Iodine panic – An expert from Moscow’s Institute for Nuclear Research, Boris Zhuikov,
told RBK independent news site that isotope power sources are mainly
used in spacecraft and are not usually dangerous for people working
with them. “If they are damaged, people who are nearby could be hurt. Isotope
sources use various types of fuel: plutonium, promethium or cerium,”
Zhuikov said. The radioactivity levels involved are “absolutely not comparable with
those during serious accidents at reactors,” he added. The news of the accident prompted residents of Severodvinsk to rush to
pharmacies on Thursday to stock up on iodine, which can be taken to
stop the thyroid gland absorbing radiation. “People started to panic. Within a matter of an hour all the iodine
and iodine-containing drugs were sold out,” pharmacist Yelena
Varinskaya told AFP. The Soviet Union saw the world’s worst nuclear accident at Chernobyl
in 1986, when the authorities sought to cover up the seriousness of
the disaster. The post Five Nuclear Agency Staff Died In Russia Missile Test Explosion  Source: Independent