 After seven months of marriage, actor, Liam Hemsworth has filed for divorce from Miley Cyrus. According to court documents, Hemsworth made the filing in Los Angeles Superior Court on Wednesday morning, citing “Irreconcilable differences” as the reason for the split. The documents note that the pair married just seven months ago on Dec. 23, 2018, but the date of separation so far is “TBD.” It also says that they have a prenup, so Hemsworth requested that no spousal support be awarded to either party. It seems like it’s no coincidence that the filing came on the heels of a story about Cyrus and Kaitlynn Carter, whom the singer has been linked to, “basically having sex” at a club over the weekend. There’s been a lot of R-rated buzz around their Soho House outing in West Hollywood on Friday night. The same day that very public display of affection reportedly took place, Cyrus released a new breakup anthem, ‘Slide Away’. The song made reference to being fed up with drug and alcohol use. Not so coincidentally, sources from Cyrus’s side reportedly told multiple media outlets that Cyrus fought to save her marriage but part of their problems were around Hemsworth drinking and using certain drugs. The song also referenced The Hills — the show Carter appeared on with her ex Brody Jenner. Hemsworth hasn’t publicly commented on the song, but his fans defended him, not appreciating Cyrus airing their dirty laundry. Despite the scorching lyrics, a Cyrus source told People magazine she “isn’t trying to hurt” Hemsworth. The song was her way to tell her story “without having to say anything at all.” News of Cyrus and Hemsworth’s split came on Aug. 10. Cyrus had been on vacation with Carter — who was newly broken up from Jenner — and the women were photographed kissing and otherwise steaming things up. A rep for Cyrus, who had also ditched her wedding ring, said in a statement that Cyrus and Hemsworth were separated. Hemsworth broke his silence on social media about the split a few days later. He wished her “nothing but health and happiness going forward,” but said he wouldn’t otherwise be speaking out about the private matter. The post Liam Hemsworth Files For Divorce From Miley Cyrus Source: Independent