UGO – Dance for Me ft. Play Another Afrobeat banger! — UGO releases ‘Dance for Me’. UGO, one of the fastest growing Nigerian artistes who is set to hit the stage with Afrobeat legend 2Baba (2face Idibia) in the ‘20 years a legend’ mega concert in Germany on September 1st, hits the afrobeat scene with a new banger, ‘Dance for Me’. UGO releases ‘Dance for Me’ featuring Basketmouth’s brother, Play. Recorded and produced in Lagos, Nigeria by Otyno, beat of the south. ‘Dance for Me’ is now available worldwide across all main music distribution channels, including Boomplay, iTunes, Spotify, Simfy Africa, Soundcloud, Apple Music, GooglePlay, YouTube Music, and others. UGO has shared that he will be releasing a new song monthly. ‘Surugede’, released in July 2019, which has since gone viral, is now followed by ‘Dance for Me’. UGO reeled out a dance challenge for the song on his Instagram handle, @ugo_rules, with the hashtag #dance4ugochallenge. DOWNLOAD AUDIO: Digital Stores The post UGO – Dance for Me ft. Play appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay VIDEO: UGO – Surugede ft. Rapturous Overview of UGO – Surugede ft. Rapturous UGO hits the Afrobeat music scene with his first single tagged ‘Surugede’ UGO, a Lagos and Berlin based Nigerian Afrobeat singer and songwriter, hits the Afrobeat spotlight on July 19th with a brand new song and video… July 23, 2019 In "Music/Video" Wisdom X ID Cabasa – Happy Overview of Wisdom X ID Cabasa – Happy Following the successful single ‘Lost Boy‘ which topped Apple Music Nigeria chart, Wisdom releases new single tagged ‘Happy‘ – a catchy summer vibe that speaks about the freedom in happiness and joy, about life as a… July 24, 2019 In "Music/Video" Wyz Gee – Omoloja (Prod. By Kezbeat) Overview of Wyz Gee – Omoloja (Prod. By Kezbeat) Sunday Ideba Gentle, popularly known by his stage name Wyz Gee, finally dishes his long anticipated infectious Afrobeat record titled “Omoloja“. In an attempt to maintain his high status of relevance comes ‘Omoloja‘, a… August 17, 2019 In "Music/Video"