 Argentina captain Lionel Messi has been banned from international football for three months after claiming the Copa America was “corrupt”, according to BBC reports. Barcelona forward Messi, 32, was sent off in Argentina’s 2-1 third-place play-off win over Chile and later said the “cup was fixed for Brazil”. He has also been fined $50,000 (£41,121) by Conmebol, the South American Football Confederation. Messi has seven days to appeal Conmebol’s decision to suspend him. The ban means Messi will miss Argentina’s upcoming friendlies against Chile, Mexico and Germany in September and October. Argentina’s qualifying campaign for the 2022 World Cup begins in March 2020. Following Argentina’s 2-0 semi-final defeat by hosts Brazil, the Argentine Football Association complained about “serious and gross refereeing errors”. In response, Conmebol said accusations questioning the integrity of the Copa America were “unfounded” and “represent a lack of respect”. Messi was shown a red card in the 37th minute against Chile, following a clash with Gary Medel, who was also dismissed. “We don’t have to be part of this corruption,” Messi said. “They have showed us a lack of respect throughout this tournament. “Sadly, the corruption, the referees, they don’t allow people to enjoy football, they ruined it a bit.” The post BREAKING: CONMEBOL Fines, Bans Messi From Int’l Football For 3 Months Source: Independent Lionel Messi, Argentina captain has been banned for one game and fined $1 500 after being sent off against Chile in the Copa America third-place playoff and levelling accusations of “corruption” at South American soccer chiefs. Messi was shown the red card after clashing with Gary Medel and afterwards alleged… July 25, 2019 In "News" CONMEBOL have decided to fine the Barcelona and Argentina star just $1,500 for his explosive outburst after being sent off in the 2019 Copa America tournament earlier this summer. Messi, 32, has also had his one-match ban (for being sent off) upheld and he will now miss Argentina’s first 2022 World… July 24, 2019 In "News" Brazil defender, Marquinhos, has hit back at Argentine captain, Lionel Messi, after he accused the South American football governing body, CONMEBOL, of corruption. DAILY POST recalls that Messi had accused CONMEBOL of corruption over the weekend following his dismissal during Argentina’s 2-1 victory in the third place play-off against Chile.… July 8, 2019 In "News"