Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde has received applause from the public for approving N500,000 each as bursary for 120 indigenes in the Nigerian Law School. That brings the total sum disbursed by the governor to N60million. Makinde made this development known following a meeting with a delegation of Oyo indigenes who are Law School students. According to a statement by the governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Mr Taiwo Adisa, Makinde approved the bursary to cater for the 2019/2020 session of Oyo state indigenes in the Nigerian Law School. He said that the reason for the disbursement was to encourage the students and to assist them to achieve greatness in their academic pursuits. Our administration will continue to prioritise education as the foundation upon which sustainable development will be built. pic.twitter.com/tw94xjNE7s — Seyi Makinde (@seyiamakinde) August 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js “Representatives of Oyo State indigenes at the Nigerian Law School visited me today. I approved the sum of N500,000 to be paid as a bursary to each Oyo State indigene at the Law School. Our administration will continue to prioritise education as the foundation upon which sustainable development will be built,” the governor said on his official Twitter.  Governor Makinde also expressed hope that the students will return to help develop the state after the completion of their education. He also told them that by the time the ongoing rail project is completed, it will be easy to work in Lagos and live in Ibadan. He shared words of encouragement, saying “life is not just for those who work hard but for those who persevere as well.” Olaniyi Ogunlade, leader of the students’ delegation, promised the governor that he and his colleagues will make the state proud with their academic results. He also promised that they will return home to contribute their quota to the state’s development. The post Governor Seyi Makinde Gives 120 Law Students N60m As Bursary appeared first on Nigerian Entertainment Today. Source: The Net Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has approved the sum of N500, 000 as bursary to each of the 120 indigenes of Oyo state in the campuses of the Nigerian Law School. Makinde made this announcement when he received a delegation of the law school students who visited him in… August 7, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" IBADAN – In further fulfilment of his election campaign promise to make primary and secondary school education free in Oyo, Governor Seyi Makinde has abolished N500 examination fee in all secondary schools across the state. Mrs. Ololade Agboola, the Oyo State Head of Service revealed this during a meeting of the… June 25, 2019 In "News" Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde, has announced the cancellation of Thursday and Friday mid-term break for public primary and secondary schools in the state. The Governor hinged this decision on the fact that students of public schools in the state had stayed out of their classrooms for several days as… June 11, 2019 In "Gists"