 OWERRI – The Ohanaeze Youth Council (OYC) has told Governor Dave Umahi of Ebonyi State to concentrate on governance for the good of his people and the entire Southeast rather than engaging in unhealthy fight with pro-Biafra groups, especially IPOB. Igboayaka O. Igboayaka, the National President of OYC, gave the charge while addressing newsman in Owerri after the OYC national stakeholders congress which included members from Abia, Imo, Enugu, Anambra, Ebonyi, Rivers, Cross Rivers, Akwaibom, Beyelsa, Delta, Edo, Benue and Kogi The Ohanaeze youth leader made the call against the backdrop of the recent pronouncement by the Ebonyi State Government, banning the activities of IPOB, whose members recently protested against the proposed Ruga settlement in the state. Igboayaka noted that rather than continue to add voice to some mischievous elements in the north calling for extreme measures against the pro-Biafra group, Governor Umahi should be advocating for the delisting and de-proscription of IPOB as a terrorist organisation. The youth leader further regretted that none of the northern elites, leaders and governors had come out publicly to condemn the rampaging Fulani herdsmen marauding and maiming innocent citizens in some parts of the country neither have they spoken out in condemnation of the nefarious activities of bandits and other terrorist groups maiming innocent citizens, asking Umahi to be cautious not to throw away the baby with the bath water. The post Ohanaeze Youths Tell Umahi To Focus On Devt Not IPOB Source: Independent By Chinonso Alozie, Owerri The Ohanaeze Youths Council, OYC, Tuesday, rejected the call for the restructuring of Nigeria. The ,OYC, National Publicity Secretary, Igboayaka .O. Igboayaka, stated this in a Press release a copy which was made available to Vanguard in Owerri.S-East/South Governors, Ohanaeze meet in Enugu One of their… October 17, 2017 In "News" Enugu – South East Governors Forum (SEGF) on Friday proscribed the activities of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) in all the five states of the zone. Dave Umahi, Chairman of SEGF and Ebonyi State Governor, announced this after a meeting of the Governors, the South-East leadership of the National Assembly… September 15, 2017 In "News" Abakaliki – The South-East Governors Forum, has, on Sunday, described IPOB’s order to its members to attack governors and other leaders from the zone as an empty threat. It also said that attacking the governors and other leaders from the zone would, not in any way, bring about an answer… August 18, 2019 In "News"