 An Igando Customary Court in Lagos State on Monday dissolved a 10-year-old marriage of a printer over adultery and denial of sex. The Court President, Mr Adeniyi Koledoye,  said that it appeared that Mr Joel Ocholi, 45,  and his wife, Felicia, were fed up with their union as efforts to reconcile them failed. “Since both parties consented to the dissolution, this court has no choice than to dissolve the marriage. “The court hereby pronounces the marriage between Joel Ocholi and Felicia Ocholi dissolved today, both of you henceforth cease to be husband and wife. “Each of you should go his or her separate way unmolested; the court wishes both of you well in your future endeavours. “The custody of the only child of the marriage is awarded to Felicia while Joel must be paying N5, 000 monthly for the child’s feeding and must be responsible for her education and general welfare,” Koledoye ruled. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Joel had sought divorce, accusing Felicia, 40, of adultery. “Felicia displayed her ex-boyfriend’s pictures in our room; I ordered her severally to remove the pictures and stopp calling the man but she refused. “When I could no longer condone it, I removed those pictures and burnt them. “She started moving around with men when my business was no longer flourishing,’’ he said. The printer alleged that Felicia denied  him sex for two years and  returned her bride price. According tp Joel, Felicia said that he was not man enough and could not take care of her. He told the court that  Felicia burnt all their  pictures and uniform clothes. The petitioner described Felicia as heartless, saying that she was jubilating when his mother died. “When our pastor came and begged us to lend him N2 million, I told our pastor in the presence of my wife that we did not have money, but my wife  borrowed N1 million from each of my brother and her colleague and gave it to our pastor without my knowledge. “I got to know when there was a quarrel  between her and our pastor over the money. It is three years now, the money has not been paid. “I am the one paying her debt in installments to my brother,” Joel said. Responding, Felicia, a businesswoman, denied extra-marital affairs and accused Joel of infidelity. “A woman brought a boy of three years’ old to our house at 11p.m., claiming my husband is the father and that she came to take her rightful place; when I asked my husband, he said nothing. “He borrowed money from me for something important,  but  used it to rent an apartment for the woman,’’ Felicia said. She said that she returned her bride price because her husband wanted to kill her. “My husband told me that he went to a herbalist to get something to put in my body so that if I sleep with another man, I will die  but the herbalist advised him not to do it. “That was why I returned the bride price because my life is no longer safe in his house,’’ she said. The respondent added that Joel was not providing for her and their only child. “There was an agreement when we got married that when  we build our house, we would move out of his family house. “We have built two houses of six flats, yet he refused to leave,’’ she added. (NAN) The post Adultery, Sex Denial Crash10-Year-Old Marriage  Source: Independent