 Edo Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited in Edo State would begin operation in October, the management has said. The 6,000 barrels per day (bpd) capacity modular refinery, according to AIPCC management, is being developed with the support of Edo State Government. Mr. Tim Tian, its Technical Director, said the fabrication of the refinery had been completed in China and was awaiting inspection and approval by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) before it would be shipped to site in Nigeria. He said on arrival, final touches would be made to the fabrication and installation will follow, after which the refinery would commence operation. He added that the local community also had a participating interest in the project, adding that the company would build mini LNG plant there. According to him, the refinery would get its feedstock (crude) from the Nigerian Petroleum Development Company’s (NPDC) facility – oil mining lease (OML) 111, located in Oredo, Ologbo near Benin. The post Edo Modular Refinery Comes On Stream In Oct  Source: Independent By Godwin Oritse Lagos —The United States Trade and Development Agency, USTDA, has approved a grant of $1 million (N360 million) for the detailed engineering design of 20,000 barrel per day, bpd, modular refinery in Lagos. Head, Media Communications of Integrated Oil and Gas Ltd, Mr Enyeribe Anyanwu,  disclosed this… August 14, 2017 In "News" Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr Ibe Kachikwu The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr Ibe Kachikwu, has urged Dangote Group to deliver timely on the ongoing $18billion refinery and petrochemical plants. Speaking during a facility tour of the project on Monday, he said the government will provide… July 31, 2017 In "News" Dr Ibe Kachikwu, Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, has promised adequate incentive support to the 18-billion dollar Dangote refinery to fast track its completion in Lagos. Kachikwu gave the assurance during a facility tour of the refinery on Monday in Lagos. Dangote refinery is situated at Lekki Free Trade… July 31, 2017 In "News"