 Tope Akinyode, head of legal team of the African Action Congress (AAC), says operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS) denied him access to Omoyele Sowore, presidential candidate of the party on Saturday. Sowore was arrested in the early hours of the day over what is believed to be in connection with the nationwide protests. Sowore had called for a mass protest tagged: “Revolution Now”, beginning from the National Stadium, Surulere, Lagos, on Monday. In a statement, Akinyode said he visited the head office of the command in Lagos but was denied access into the premises. “It is no longer news that Mr. Omoyele Sowore was arrested by the DSS earlier hours today and I am representing him as his Lawyer over that incidence,” he said. “As Lawyer to Mr. Omoyele Sowore, Publisher of Sahara Reporters, I visited the DSS office at CMD Road, Ketu, Lagos together with other notable Nigerians. Mr. Sowore had been arrested in a ‘gestapo’ manner in the early hours of today. “When we got to the DSS office, we were denied entrance into the Police Building arrogantly. As much as I persuaded them that the ‘accused’ has lawful right of access to his Lawyer as enshrined under Section 35 (2) of the 1999 Constitution, my advice fell on the deaf ears of the Police Officers who claimed that their boss wasn’t around and I have to wait till Monday (working day) before I could be let in. “It was a rather brief visit due to the unwelcoming disposition of the officers who we met at the entrance. I regard this ‘arrest’ as more of an abduction than any other thing. This illicit act is worthy of condemnation.” The Coalition for Revolution, campaigners of the #RevolutionNow, have vowed to go on with the protest despite the arrest of the convener of the movement. The post DSS denied us access to Sowore, says lawyer appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Tribune Online EXCLUSIVE: Why Sowore was arrested — Source  There is a widespread speculation that the presidential candidate of African Action Congress (AAC) in the 2019 presidential election in Nigeria, Mr Omoyele Sowore, was arrested at his Lagos home by men of the Department of State Services (DSS) at the… August 3, 2019 In "News" President Muhammadu Buhari’s social media aide, Mrs Lauretta Onochie, has commended the Department of the State Service (DSS), over the arrest of African Action Congress (AAC) Presidential Candidate at the 2019 general elections, Omoyele Sowore, noting that they (DSS) saved Sowore from harming himself. Posting the pictures of people set… August 3, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online BREAKING: DSS arrests Sowore, #RevolutionNow convener   The operatives of the Department of State Security (DSS) have arrested Sahara Reporters publisher, Omoyele Sowore. Sowore had posted a distress tweet on his Twitter handle at 1:25 am, after which someone claiming to be an eyewitness confirmed that his phone… August 3, 2019 In "News"