 Iraqi Foreign Minister Mohamed Ali al-Hakim has expressed his
country’s opposition to the Israeli regime’s possible involvement in a
US-led mission in the Persian Gulf, warning that the presence of
foreign forces, including Western countries, in the strategic water
body will be fueling tensions. “Iraq rejects the participation of Zionist forces in any military
force to secure the passage of ships in the [Persian] Gulf. The
[Persian] Gulf littoral states can together secure the transit of
ships,” Hakim wrote in a post published on his official Twitter page
on Monday. “Iraq is seeking to reduce tension in our region through peaceful
negotiations,” he said, warning that “the presence of Western forces
in the region will increase tension.” The remarks came a day after Iran’s Islamic Revolution Guards Corps
(IRGC) warned that any Israeli presence in the Persian Gulf may result
in a war in the region, and that the responsibility for the
consequences of such illegal presence lies with the United States and
the United Kingdom. “The United States and the United Kingdom must assume responsibility
for the Zionist regime’s illegal presence in the Persian Gulf waters,”
IRGC Navy Commander Rear Admiral Alireza Tangsiri told Lebanon-based
Arabic-language al-Mayadeen television news network on Sunday. “Any presence of the Zionist regime in the Persian Gulf waters is
illegal, as it may result in war and confrontation in the region,” the
top commander warned. Israeli foreign minister Israel Katz said on August 7 that the regime
would be part of the US-led coalition to “protect the security of the
Persian Gulf.” Katz claimed that Israel was determined to stop “Iranian entrenchment”
in the Middle East region and strengthen Tel Aviv’s relationship with
the Persian Gulf countries, Israeli news website Ynet reported. On August 9, Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Abbas Moussavi
highlighted that the Islamic Republic regards possible Israeli
presence in a US-led coalition in the Persian Gulf as a clear threat
to its national security, and reserves the right to counter it. “Within the framework of the country’s deterrence and defensive
policy, the Islamic Republic of Iran reserves the right to counter
this threat and defend its territory,” Moussavi noted. “The US regime and the illegitimate Zionist regime are responsible for
all the consequences of this dangerous move,” the spokesman added. US Marine General Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, said on July 9 that the US was proceeding with plans to
assemble the coalition purportedly aimed at ensuring freedom of
navigation in waters off Iran and Yemen. “We’re engaging now with a number of countries to see if we can put
together a coalition that would ensure freedom of navigation both in
the Straits of Hormuz and the Bab el-Mandeb,” Dunford said. “And so I think probably over the next couple of weeks we’ll identify
which nations have the political will to support that initiative and
then we’ll work directly with the militaries to identify the specific
capabilities that’ll support that,” he added. The post Iraq Rejects Israel’s Role In Persian Gulf Mission, Warns Of West’s Presence  Source: Independent