 As part of the effort to utilise water bodies to develop aquaculture and also improve the nutritional value of residents, the Lagos State Agro-Processing, Productivity, Engagement, and Livelihood Support (APPEALS) Project has trained tilapia farmers for better outputs. Oluranti Oviebo, State Project Coordinator (SPC), while speaking at the training on Tilapia production, said using the Cage Culture Rearing Method; Control of Water Hyacinth and Production of Organic Fertiliser from Water Hyacinth which took place at Topo, Badagry. She explained that APPEALS, a World Bank assisted project, was a collaboration with the Federal Government and in partnership with the Lagos State Government. Oviebo noted that the Project has identified three water bodies as safe for Tilapia Cage Culture in the state just as a comprehensive analysis had been conducted on the water bodies in Afowo in Badagry, Agbowa in Ikorodu and Ebute-Afuye in Epe. She described the cage culture as a natural method of growing fish in open water but confined in a cage, noting that the earthen pond is the aquaculture, where there are pond and water seepage. According to her, “It is not enough to say you are going into Tilapia farming and then you go in search of any water body to start farming. “We took the samples of the water bodies and the soils so that it does not look like a mere experiment. We have to be sure of the composition of these sites to ascertain their suitability to culture tilapia,” she said. To access the grant, Oviebo noted that existing fish farmers must possess a minimum of three years’ experience in the business; with good business plan as a prerequisite to access the grants. Remi Ahmed, President of Tilapia Aquaculture Developers Association of Nigeria (TADAN), lauded the project for creating an opportunity for farmers to harness technologies in the fisheries sub-sector. “This event is to promote the cage culture of Tilapia. There are lots of water bodies that are underutilised. Let me be fair to the northerners who use them for irrigation; but in the West, we do not use them for anything. He said that there were certain processes involved in cage culture that would make tilapia cage culture easy and productive, which farmers hitherto, took for granted. “If you have the floater, put your fish and start feeding it. It will reduce mortality because they are in their natural habitation. Even in the North, irrigation should not be only used for water bodies because you can still use the water in the cage to do your irrigation,” he said. Dr. Olayiwole Onasanya, Permanent Secretary, Lagos State Ministry of Agriculture said that the state is always working out ways of improving farmers’ standard of living through the utilisation of natural endowments. “We have to improve the nutrition of our people, as well as increase the income of farmers and their standard of living by having more fishes to cultivate to improve their income. “With the ecology of Lagos state being a coastal area, endowed with water bodies, we, therefore, need to utilise those water bodies to improve fish production,” he said. Nurudeen Tiamiyu, Managing Director, Latia Global Investment Limited, in his presentation, tagged: ‘Water Quality Management’, he disclosed that there were technologies that could ease the business of cage culture. The post Lagos APPEALS Project Trains Tilapia Farmers On Better Output Source: Independent