 Lagos – Senator Kofoworola Bucknor- Akerele, a former Deputy Governor of Lagos State on Thursday said the ambition of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, former governor of Lagos state to become President led to his splitting of pan Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Daily Independent, Bucknor- Akerele said Tinubu knows he cannot achieve his ambition based on the stance of the Afenifere leaders who are very principled. She also said she fell
out with Tinubu because she refused to cooperate with him to upstage the leaders of the group and hijack the organisation. “What led to the split of Afenifere is Bola Tinubu’s presidential ambition. He wants to be President of Nigeria and he didn’t see how he could achieve that under the Afenifere as it was because Afenifere has a very strict rule of operations”. “They don’t just make anybody anything. They study you for years and see how you behave before they even let you go for councillor”. “And you will see that in the old Western region. Because of that pattern, we had the best governance in Nigeria at that time. We had competent people, not people who came with money that was either stolen or from dealing in drugs and from there came into governance. That is not possible under Afenifere and Tinubu knows that” she said The post Tinubu’s Presidential Ambition Led To Split In Afenifere – Bucknor- Akerele  Source: Independent Lagos – Bola Tinubu’s claim that there would be no automatic ticket for President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019 is generating ripples in the All Progressives Congress (APC). Some chieftains of the party, who spoke with INDEPENDENT, said the statement by the former Lagos State governor had further confirmed their fears that… November 24, 2017 In "News" Abuja / Akure  – Factional Pan-Yoruba socio-cultural organisation, Afenifere, on Tuesday, visited the Presidential Villa, Abuja, where it advised President Muhammadu Buhari not to feign ignorance on the need for true federalism to take a stand in the present scheme of governance. As a way of appealing to the conscience of… June 26, 2019 In "News" From right, Ondo State Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, Afenifere Secretary-General, Bashorun Sehinde Arogbofa, All Progressives Congress (APC) national leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, Afenifere leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti, and Chief Bisi Akande during their meeting on Wednesday, November 22, 2017. THE national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator… November 22, 2017 In "News"