 Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta has condemned the attack on Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, immediate past Deputy President of the Senate at the 2nd Annual Igbo Cultural Festival held in Nuremberg, Germany, on Saturday. The governor, whose reaction was conveyed in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Sunday in Asaba, described the incident as pathetic, shameful and an embarrassment to Nigeria. He said that Ekweremadu, a great patriot and defender of his people and the down trodden, did not deserve the kind of ill-treatment meted to him by Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) members in Germany. “I join men of goodwill in condemning the attack on Senator Ike Ekweremadu, who has been a great patriot and leader of exemplary behaviour. “It is pathetic and shameful that an event organised to chart the way forward for the Igbo race and Nigeria in general ended up in such a disgraceful and embarrassing manner to the country. “As Nigerians, we are trained to respect our elders and leaders as well as people in authority. “I am particularly happy that some of the culprits have been arrested and I urge the German authorities to take necessary action on the perpetrators of the heinous act. “I urge all Nigerians, home and abroad, to be of good behaviour wherever they find themselves as such acts of lawlessness do not bring glory to the nation,” Okowa said. (NAN) The post Okowa Condemns Attack On Ekweremadu In Germany  Source: Independent Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki has reacted to the attack on his erstwhile deputy, Ike Ekweremadu in Nurenberg, Germany by some members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB. Ekweremadu was to give a keynote address at the Second Igbo Annual Cultural Festival and Convention organised by Ndi-Igbo Germany in… August 18, 2019 In "News" Lagos – Chairman of the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has condemned in its entirety, the attack on the former deputy senate president, Senator Ike Ekweremadu at the 2nd Annual Igbo Cultural Festival held in Nuremberg, Germany. Ekweremadu who was attending as a speaker/special guest of honor at the… August 18, 2019 In "News" The President of the Senate, Dr Ahmad Lawan, has condemned Saturday’s assault on former Deputy President of the Senate, Sen. Ike Ekweremadu, in Nuremberg, Germany, and called for its investigation. Lawan, in a statement issued on Sunday in Abuja by his media aide, Mr Ola Awoniyi, described Ekweremadu as an… August 18, 2019 In "News"