Tottenham traveled to 6th place Leicester City in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs last PL outing saw them smash Crystal Palace 4-0. However, since then, Spurs blew a two-goal lead vs Olympiacos in the Champions League on Wednesday. Mauricio Pochettino’s side started the day in 4th spot. They were on the same points as Leicester but had a two better goal difference. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – APRIL 17: Mauricio Pochettino, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur celebrates at the end of the match during the UEFA Champions League Quarter Final second leg match between Manchester City and Tottenham Hotspur at at Etihad Stadium on April 17, 2019 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) An hour before kick-off, Tottenham would reveal their startling XI to take on Leicester. #THFC: Gazzaniga, Aurier, Alderweireld, Vertonghen, Rose, Winks, Sissoko, Ndombele, Lamela, Son, Kane (C). Latest odds from @WilliamHill (18+)https://t.co/MXaAmtlPLX#THFC ⚪️ #COYS pic.twitter.com/nLMngnyZl9 — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The team was pretty standard apart from one noticeable omission. Hugo Lloris was completely omitted from the matchday squad. Lloris has been Tottenham’s main keeper for several years now. The Frenchman had also played all six of Tottenham’s games this season across all competitions. Moreover, Lloris would captain the North London outfit on all of those occasions. So, his absence vs Leicester did seem quite strange. However, Spurs have since explained, via their official Twitter account, that Hugo Lloris missed Saturday’s game due to his wife giving birth. Hugo Lloris misses today’s game due to his wife giving birth.#THFC #COYS pic.twitter.com/DJXyO79kKd — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Leicester vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals Leicester City's English striker Jamie Vardy (C) celebrates with teammates after scoring during the English Premier League football match between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur at King Power Stadium in Leicester, central England on November 28, 2017.Oli SCARFF / AFP Jamie Vardy's 100th goal in English league football helped inspire… November 29, 2017 In "News" Lloris doesn’t think he’ll end career at Spurs Hugo Lloris joined Tottenham in August of 2012, moving from Ligue 1 outfit, Lyon. Spurs are believed to have paid in the region of £11.34m for Lloris’ services. Lloris has gone on to play 303 games across all competitions for Tottenham. In… September 17, 2019 In "Sports" PSV Eindhoven's forward Luuk De Jong celebrates after scoring during the UEFA Champions League Group B football match between PSV Eindhoven and Tottenham at Philips Stadium in Eindhoven on October 24, 2018. JOHN THYS / AFP Mauricio Pochettino conceded Tottenham Hotspur will need little short of a miracle to get… October 24, 2018 In "News"