 It’s no news that women are marginalised in most cultures across the world, and part of Women across the world have been facing marginalisation since time immemorial, but thankfully, in the last few years, we’ve had empowerment initiatives driving notable changes in the society. One of the those who’re leading female empowerment in Nigeria is Carolyn Seaman, #BellaNaijaWCW this week! Carolyn is an advocate of promoting female involvement in technology. She is the founder of the Girls’ Voices initiative, a non-profit that provides a safe space for girls to connect and share stories of inspiration and motivation with the use of technology and digital media. Girl Voices Initiative works to educate adolescent girls and women about their rights in law and the platform empowers the girls with the skills to use technology and digital media to lead advocacy for the protection of their rights and welfare in society. Through Girl Voices Initiative, Carolyn does not just give girls a voices, she also builds girl leaders who build and support other girls. Girl Voices Initiative builds young girls through training in advocacy, technology, and digital media. Over 100,000 adolescent girls have been reached directly through Girl Voices Initiative’s girl-centred programs, and with its girl leaders, it has reached over 80 million people through various programs. Carolyn won the US-based World Pulse Prize in 2016 and is a 2017 TechWomen fellow. Carolyn, a lawyer, has well over a decade’s experience in management consulting and women and girls advocacy, working at UN Women and Nigeria’s House of Representatives, among others. We celebrate Carolyn for giving girls a voice and for building girl leaders across Nigeria and the world, and we’re rooting for her! The post #BellaNaijaWCW Carolyn Seaman is Building a Powerful Girls’ Right Movement with Girl Voices Initiative appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Healthcare is an integral part of any society and getting it right in that sector should be paramount. One of the most important part of any discipline, healthcare inclusive, is information. The more people know, the more they can do. Our #BellaNaijaWCW this week, Farida Kabir is a health technology… June 26, 2019 In "Entertainment" Girl Power, a slogan that encourages and celebrates women’s independence, development, and confidence, resonates with Olaolu Abagun, Founder Girl Pride Circle Initiative. Early in life, she decided to devote her intellectual gifts and exceptional capacity for hard work to humanity. In her story, the progress of an exceptional Nigerian, who… April 4, 2018 In "News" #BellaNaijaWCW this week is a voice for the marginalised, a poverty alleviation champion, and an advocate for women’s rights. Oluwafunmilayo Oni is the founder of Iranwo Foundation, “a non profit whose aim is to provide equal access to economic opportunities for women, through access to leadership and entrepreneurship skills to… July 24, 2019 In "Entertainment"