In 2011 Jurgen Klopp was the manager of German outfit, Borussia Dortmund. The now Liverpool coach would win his first piece of silverware with the German side that year. Klopp would guide Dortmund to the 2010/11 Bundesliga title, earning 75 points from 34 games. Klopp has since revealed that after winning his first league title with Dortmund, the celebrations appear to of got a little messy. Jurgen Klopp recalls being really drunk and then waking up in a truck inside a garage: “I don’t remember much that makes sense. ” I was really drunk , something that could be noticed in some interviews. But I remember one thing, I’m not sure if I told anyone before. I woke up in a truck inside a garage . I was alone. I remember it, but I don’t have no idea what happened the previous hours .” As quoted by AS. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – AUGUST 09: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp looks on during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Norwich City at Anfield on August 09, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Chris Brunskill/Fantasista/Getty Images) Jurgen Klopp has yet to lift a league title with Liverpool but he came very close last season. The Reds finished in 2nd spot, one point behind eventual winners Manchester City with a staggering 97 points. Liverpool have started this season brightly as well and are currently top of the PL table with 12 points. They are also the only Premier League side not to have dropped any points in their opening four league games of the 2019/20 season. Liverpool’s next game is at home to Newcastle on September 14th. BOSS Klopp has been nominated for August’s @premierleague Manager of the Month Go to stories to vote #LFC #LiverpoolFC #PremierLeague A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Sep 6, 2019 at 4:07am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: England vs Bulgaria betting tips: Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions England vs Bulgaria live streaming: Watch the Euro 2020 qualifier match online, preview & prediction Source: Great Goals