In The Athletic on Monday, Michael Cox has looked into Arsenal’s tactics following Sunday’s 2-2 draw at Watford. The Gunners blew it against the Hornets having been 2-up at the break. After a first-double from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Watford levelled in the second-half thanks to two terrible errors. Firstly Sokratis Papastathopoulos gifted a goal to Tom Cleverley. David Luiz then fouled Roberto Pereyra in the 81st minute in the Arsenal box, and Pereyra scored from the spot. Swimming against the tide, Michael Cox has sought to absolve Arsenal’s centre-halves of too much blame: Yes, Watford’s goals were ultimately the result of disastrous errors from Sokratis Papastathopoulos and David Luiz but Arsenal had invited pressure throughout the second half. Almost every goal conceded is the result of an individual error. That doesn’t mean there’s no root cause. Emery still has not got the tactical balance right at #Arsenal, as their past two matches at Watford demonstrate | @zonal_marking https://t.co/ct3JPOko4p — The Athletic UK (@TheAthleticUK) September 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js When it came to pinpointing Arsenal’s biggest problem at Watford, Michael Cox focused on Arsenal’s formation. That drew the analyst to recall how Arsenal lost 3-1 at Liverpool in week 3 of the season. In short, Unai Emery is criticised for playing a diamond formation against Liverpool and Watford: Emery persisted with a diamond midfield that exposed Arsenal’s back four consistently. When they used this system at Anfield in August, Arsenal were constantly exposed by crossfield balls towards Liverpool’s full backs, particularly when the diamond had been dragged across to one side. Emery… was supposed to make Arsenal better tactically. In many respects, Emery hasn’t got the balance right. FT Thoughts: – Why do we always make things so difficult for ourselves?!– I don’t want to see a diamond ever again;– Let the inquest begin;– I’ve had enough;– Diabolical. pic.twitter.com/VzRPbFrElS — Pain In The Arsenal (@PainInThArsenal) September 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal did not play well at all. The system was not cohesive, we had the same issues in terms of progressing the ball to the final third, we couldn't keep it there. Our two goals came from individual brilliance. I don't see the diamond as a system that will bring success. — Un Prophète (@mediocentr0) September 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang slams Arsenal’s defenders & the weird reason Dani Ceballos was subbed at Watford. Four key talking points from Arsenal’s draw with Watford. Source: Great Goals