Emerson joined Chelsea in January of 2018 from Serie A outfit, AS Roma. The Blues are believed to have paid around £18m for Emerson’s services. However, despite being signed when Antonio Conte was Chelsea boss, the then Chelsea manager hardly played his new signing. In the second half of the 2017/18 season, Emerson made just five Premier League appearances, only three of which were as a starter. Emerson did play a bit more under Maurizio Sarri last campaign, managing 27 games across all competitions for Chelsea. However, Emerson still only made 10 Premier League outings under Sarri. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) Now Frank Lampard is at the helm though, Emerson looks set for some more regular football at Stamford Bridge. The 25-year-old appears to have usurped Marcos Alonso as the Blue’s main left-back as he has started all four of their PL games so far this season. Emerson also played the full 120 minutes for Chelsea in the 2019 European Super Cup vs Liverpool. With Lampard seemingly keen on the Italian, Chelsea look as though they are set to offer him a new deal. Emerson’s current Chelsea deal runs until July of 2022. However, according to Goal, the Blues are keen to tie Emerson down to a new deal before the January transfer window. The report from Goal claims Chelsea have already begun talks with the defender over a new contract. Emerson is currently on international duty with Italy. Wins for @emersonpalmieri, @jorginhofrello, @kepaarrizabalaga and @andreaschristensen3 in Euro 2020 qualifiers last night! #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea FC (@chelseafc) on Sep 6, 2019 at 1:46am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Northern Ireland vs Germany betting tips: Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Scotland vs Belgium betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Keown’s top four Martin Keown has made his prediction for the 2019/20 Premier League top four. Four games into the PL season we have Liverpool top of the table as the only side to pick up wins in all of their league clashes so far. Manchester City are then in… September 3, 2019 In "Sports" Pulisic’s Chelsea stint so far Christian Pulisic agreed to move from Borussia Dortmund to Chelsea in January of 2019. The deal is said to have cost Chelsea £58m with Pulisic spending the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign back on loan at Dortmund. Pulisic eventually joined Chelsea over the summer and… September 5, 2019 In "Sports" Derby County manager, Frank Lampard has been offered a three-year-contract by Chelsea. This was disclosed by respected transfer expert and sport journalist, Nicolo Schira, who works for Gazzetta Dello Sport. Schira, who made this known on Tuesday through his official Twitter page, wrote: “All confirmed! #DerbyCounty have granted permission for… June 25, 2019 In "News"