 AVALA RELEASES DEBUT SINGLE “MO FE BE” POST BIG BROTHER NAIJA Since leaving the Big Brother House, Avala (which means “warrior” in Old Sanskrit) has been hard at work, collaborating on projects, making appearances, networking and interacting with her rapidly growing global audience. All of these new experiences have shaped the shy, quiet girl that was Avala into the fresh, sexy, thriving afro-house artiste that is Avala today, and she channels that energy into her new single “MO FE BE‘” a Yoruba phrase that translates in English to “I WANT IT LIKE THAT.” The track captures her emotional and artistic maturity as she comes to terms with the fact that the guy she’s in love with might not be perfect and is in-fact very flawed. Nevertheless, she asserts her love for him despite the supposed better judgment of those around her.
The messages the song conveys remind listeners that love isn’t perfect but that when it’s worth it, we shouldn’t give up so easily when times get rough. “MO FE BE” is a high-tempo, afrobeat and house mash-up that will definitely get your energy and feelings up and out on the dance floor. Listen and Enjoy!!! https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Avala-Mo-Fe-Be.mp3 DOWNLOAD MP3 STREAM/GET ON ITunes The post Avala – “Mo Fe Be” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Big Brother Najia season 4 started over 2 weeks ago and it’s already getting so hot and fierce as house mates are already being evicted. So far, 4 contestants have been evicted from the house and of the 4, Tooxclusive have been able to catch up with one of them… July 16, 2019 In "Music/Video" Before entering the Big Brother Naija house on the 30th of June, ex-housemate Avala already had a fast-growing singing career. One of the things she has said she’s going to continue pushing after being evicted from the house is her music. To get you started, we’ve put together 5 songs… July 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" The 2019 edition of BBNaija kicks off in the studio situated in the heart of Lagos, Nigeria. Meet The New Housemates 1. Avala. Single mom and budding singer Avala is not here to play. Being part of Big Brother Naija is part of pursuing her dreams and she also wants… June 30, 2019 In "Entertainment"