Chris Brown who only just dropped an album; “Indigo Album” just less than two months ago is currently filled with some musical hyperactiveness, going on tour back-to-back and now announcing he would be dropping another album which doesn’t seem to far away. Although the American superstar did not reveal too much, he disclosed the album would consist of 10 tracks which would be sharing the same cover art with the “Indigo Album” as it is an extension of the album which currently is doing very well on digital streaming platforms. There are leaked information that our own superstar, Davido, would be featuring on two tracks on the album. Aren’t you excited for what is to come? We are anyway. INDIGO EXTENDED ALBUM… 10 brand new songs ? DAMN NEAR ANOTHER ALBUM …. COMING SOON A post shared by  CHRIS BROWN (@chrisbrownofficial) on Sep 26, 2019 at 1:26pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Chris Brown Set To Release New “Indigo” Extended Album, Features Davido On Two Tracks appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Davido has revealed himself and Chris Brown are currently working on a joint album which would be released after his “Good Time” album drops. He made this revelation at a private meeting he had with industry personnel at the Landmark Towers in Victoria Island, Lagos on the 4th of September,… September 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" Davido has announced that he would be dropping a new song that would feature yet again, American R&B superstar, Chris Brown. The singer who is set to drop his sophomore album in October has made this revelation through his social media pages and he has successfully gotten fans to start… September 26, 2019 In "Music/Video" Davido Chris Brown Blow My Mind Davido has just announced that there is another song from him and Chris Brown to be released next week. This announcement was made on Friday, 26th of September via Twitter by the afrobeats superstar who is at the verge of completing his new album.… September 26, 2019 In "Music/Video"