 Lagos native Damini Ogulu was only in grammar school when he came across the FruityLoops software that was popular for tracking beats on home computers. He’s been creating music ever since, absorbing the diaspora from dancehall to DMX, and using the name Burna Boy, has really lit a flame on the global dance scene. The music biz was in his blood; his grandfather was Fela Kuti’s first manager. But he did the hard work it takes to make a true dent. From 2012’s “Like To Party” grooves to the kinetics of this year’s “On The Low,” he’s crafted some of the strongest beats around. To celebrate the arrival of his ‘African Giant‘ album, he came to deliver performances of “Collatoral Damage” and “Anybody.” “Collateral Damage” is a powerful song that calls for revolution against our Government inorder to repair the damages in the nation. Burna Boy on this Live Session with Vevo says his people fears alot and lacks true knowledge about our dear Nation. Watch, Listen and Enjoy below The YouTube ID of 4pTvSXYuG94?list=TLGGaWjWQSyDF2gwNDA5MjAxOQ is invalid. The post Burna Boy – “Collateral Damage” (Live Session) Source: Too Xclusive Burna boy has made himself a household name in the Nigerian music industry especially with his spontaneous rise to fame in the year 2018 which was a good year for him especially with the release of his outside album earlier in 2018.  Many people stumbled on that album mistakenly while… July 31, 2019 In "Music/Video" Burna and 2kay once made music in the South-South of Nigeria. Burna Boy and Mr 2kay are dominating the headlines due to the ongoing robbery case. But the connection between both stars didn’t start with this issue. It began in Port Harcourt.Before the lights and cameras that Lagos afforded, the… November 23, 2017 In "News" Danny S – Miracle Dance Overview of Danny S – Miracle Dance Nigerian street-hop artiste – Danny S, comes through with a brand new single dubbed “Miracle Dance“. Prior to the release of the official music video for his previous single ‘Waka Jeje‘, Danny S displays no sign of slowing… July 31, 2019 In "Music/Video"