Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil& Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry and transferring of technology to our great country. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Admin Officer Location: Port Harcourt, Rivers Job Role Minimum Qualifications – Education And Experience Job Requirments: Application Closing Date
27th September, 2019. The post Admin Officer at Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil& Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry… June 13, 2019 In "Jobs" Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil&Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry and… September 9, 2019 In "Gists" Lorache Group – Our client, a Pharmaceutical company is recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Administrative Manager Location: Lagos Job Description We need an Administrative Manager that will supervise administrative team members and ensure that daily office operations are performed in a seamless and efficient manner. Responsibilities Supervising… July 3, 2019 In "Jobs"