Martin Keown has made his prediction for the 2019/20 Premier League top four. Four games into the PL season we have Liverpool top of the table as the only side to pick up wins in all of their league clashes so far. Manchester City are then in second spot on 10 points with Leicester City and Crystal Palace in 3rd and 4th on eight and seven points. Keown’s top four prediction looks somewhat different from the current table standings. The former Arsenal man has backed Liverpool to win the league this time around, followed by Man City, Tottenham and then Arsenal. However, Keown also goes on to state that fourth spot is wide open: “I backed Liverpool in my pre-season predictions, and had City, Tottenham and Arsenal completing the top four. “I’m standing by that, but fourth is wide open. Anyone could nick it. “United seem to be dropping points for fun – a draw at Wolves when they should have won, a home loss to Crystal Palace , then 1-1 at Southampton .” As quoted by the Mirror. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) Keown also spoke about Manchester United and Chelsea. Chelsea finished 3rd in the English top-flight last campaign under Maurizio Sarri. Keown has not backed Frank Lampard to achieve the same finish this time around. But he does state Lampard shouldn’t be at Chelsea just as a seat warmer until they can find another boss and sign players again. On Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Keown says that he has to get results very quickly: “With what Chelsea are going through, Frank Lampard should be supported. Lampard has demonstrated he can get good performances out of young players. “It shouldn’t be a case of him keeping the seat warm until they can find another head coach, once they can sign players again. “Solskjaer has to get results very quickly. It feels like he is struggling. One win in 10 is not good enough. Solskjaer – and Lampard, given Chelsea’s transfer ban – are two young bosses working with hands tied behind their backs.” As quoted by the Mirror. Related: Paul Merson takes aim at Arsenal boss Emery after Spurs draw: ‘It’s like Unai Wenger is running things’ Is Granit Xhaka’s discipline causing Arsenal issues? | Paul Merson & Gary Rowett | The Debate  Source: Great Goals Meanwhile, Arsenal and Chelsea meet in fierce London derby and champions Manchester City head to Huddersfield The 23rd round of the FA Premier League season gets underway this coming weekend with current table toppers Liverpool looking to add to their four point lead when Crystal Palace head to Anfield on… January 17, 2019 In "Sports" ARSENAL legend Martin Keown thinks Arsene Wenger was too focused on trying to copy the brilliance of Barcelona at the Emirates and that is why his 22-year tenure ended disappointingly. Martin Keown thinks former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger’s downfall was as a result of his desire to emulate Barcelona. The… August 22, 2019 In "News" Lagos –Â The curtain will fall on the 2018/2019 English Premier League today with all but the heavily contested winner position decided already. As is regular during season-end situations, clubs will be battling to either avoid relegation or entering into playoffs or even winning the league itself. But for who will… May 12, 2019 In "News"