Leicester City star James Maddison last night brilliantly replied to the Sun newspaper on social media, after the British publication took aim at the midfielder over his dress sense. Brendan Rodgers’ Foxes welcomed Tottenham to the King Power Stadium yesterday, in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Visitors Spurs headed into proceedings in search of an immediate bounce-back showing, having blown a 2-0 advantage at Olympiacos in their Champions League opener during the week, to eventually slump to a 2-2 draw. When all was said and done, however, the capital outfit failed to get back on track. A back-and-forth affair saw Tottenham take the lead on the half-hour mark, when Harry Kane did brilliantly to take the ball under control, before finding the top corner of Kasper Schmeichel’s goal. Leicester, however, showcased their fighting spirit as the clash wore on, to work their way back into things. And, after what looked set to be a 3-point clinching strike from Serge Aurier was ruled out by VAR, Leicester quickly pulled level, courtesy of Ricardo Pereira. The stopper’s strike saw the King Power reinvigorated, with the hosts having made use of the raucous atmosphere inside the ground to eventually go on to bag a crucial winner, via James Maddison. 31 – James Maddison ended a run of 31 shots in the Premier League without a goal, since netting versus Huddersfield in April. Relief. pic.twitter.com/NcwtQMcgVM — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And, as outlined above, match-winner Maddison has since also been catching the headlines on social media. Ahead of yesterday’s matchup, the Sun posted an article, taking aim at the Leicester star regarding the Louis Vuitton backpack he wore to the King Power: James Maddison arrives for Spurs clash wearing ‘horrific’ £6500 backpack https://t.co/Eh8bBsRqHd — The Sun Football ⚽ (@TheSunFootball) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Maddison, though, did not take the insult lying down, brilliantly hitting back at the Sun with the following yesterday evening: Would be worse turning up holding a sun newspaper i guess 😂 https://t.co/Fc47PdtzbL — James Maddison (@Madders10) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Liverpool live streaming: Watch the Premier League online & confirmed line-ups Arsenal vs Aston Villa live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has this evening surprisingly revealed his opinion that his side performed brilliantly in their loss to Leicester City. Spurs downed The north Londoners travelled to the King Power Stadium a short time ago, in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs headed into proceedings in search of… September 21, 2019 In "Sports" James Maddison injury update Following Saturday’s win against Spurs, Brendan Rodgers confirmed that James Maddison picked up an ankle injury. Maddison sustained his ankle problem in the final moments of the Tottenham game. After receiving treatment on the sidelines, Maddison limped around the pitch in the final minutes of the… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester vs Tottenham Leicester would play host to Tottenham in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Foxes headed into the tie in 6th place after winning two, drawing one and losing one in their five PL games this campaign. A win for Brendan Rodgers’ side could have seen them move… September 21, 2019 In "Sports"