United Bank for Africa Plc (UBA) is one of Africa’s leading financial institutions, with operations in 19 African countries and 3 global financial centres: London, Paris and New York. From a single country organisation founded in 1949 in Nigeria UBA has grown to become a pan-African provider of financial services with over 11 million customers, through close to 1000 business offices and touch points globally. In 2005, UBA was born through one of the biggest mergers on the African continent capital markets with the business combination with Standard Trust Bank (STB) Plc. From the merger UBA has emerged as a Pan-African provides a full range of solutions and services that span the full value chain from retail to corporate. UBA is also the acclaimed leader in electronic payments in the sub-region. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: HR Business Partner Reference #: HRBPLAG001
Location: Lagos, Nigeria
Contract Type: Permanent
Job Functions: Human Resources

Specification 
As a HR Business Partner, you are expected to perform the under listed functions and any other duties assigned to you by the Group Head, Human Resources: Requirements 
Academic/Professional Requirements: Experience: Key Competency Requirements: Salary 
N7,000,000 – N8,000,000 annually. Application Closing Date
25th September, 2019. The post HR Business Partner at United Bank for Africa Plc (UBA) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ United Bank for Africa Plc (UBA) is one of Africa's leading financial institutions, with operations in 19 African countries and 3 global financial centres: London, Paris and New York. From a single country organisation founded in 1949 in Nigeria UBA has grown to become a pan-African provider of financial services… November 29, 2017 In "Jobs" United Bank for Africa Plc (UBA) is one of Africa's leading financial institutions, with operations in 20 African countries and 3 global financial centres: London, Paris and New York. From a single country organisation founded in 1949 in Nigeria UBA has grown to become a pan-African provider of financial services… November 26, 2017 In "Jobs" United Bank for Africa Plc (UBA) is one of Africa's leading financial institutions, with operations in 19 African countries and 3 global financial centres: London, Paris and New York. From a single country organisation founded in 1949 in Nigeria, UBA has grown to become a Pan-African provider of financial services… September 14, 2018 In "Jobs"