 The Presidential Election Petition Tribunal has delivered judgement in the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar. The PDP and its candidate sought to nullify the election of President Muhammadu Buhari in the February 23 presidential poll. The tribunal dismissed the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, on the grounds that the petitioners failed to prove their petition beyond reasonable doubt. The judgement delivered by Garba Mohammed, states that as part of its ruling, Abubakar and the PDP provided no evidence that the 2019 general election was not in compliance with the Electoral Act, Daily Post reports. The post Daily Post: Tribunal Dismisses Election Petition Against Buhari appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija President Muhammadu Buhari and his party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), Monday urged the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal, sitting in Abuja, to strike out the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its Presidential candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, challenging his victory in the February 23 presidential election. Also,… June 10, 2019 In "Gists" The Presidential Election Petitions Tribunal will resume sitting on the petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and its candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, challenging the victory of President Muhammadu Buhari in the February 23 election. The hearing notices to this effect have been issued to all parties to the… June 9, 2019 In "Gists" President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday prayed the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal to dismiss petition filed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar against his Feb. 23 re-election. Buhari made the prayer through his Counsel, Chief Wole Olanipekun, SAN, in a motion adopted and argued on… June 11, 2019 In "Gists"