Leicester midfielder James Maddison is an early doubt for the Foxes’ clash with Newcastle in the Premier League this weekend. The Englishman has had a brilliant start to the campaign. While he only scored his first goal of the Premier League season last weekend against Tottenham, his overall performances have been impressive. As a result, he’s been getting all the plaudits. Should his impressive performances continue, you’d also imagine he’s due for an England call-up. Though, Leicester will have to do without Maddison this weekend after he sustained and injury in the Carabao Cup clash with Luton on Tuesday. LEICESTER, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 21: James Maddison of Leicester City (L) celebrates as he scores his team’s second goal with Demarai Gray during the Premier League match between Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur at The King Power Stadium on September 21, 2019 in Leicester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) Leicester ran out 4-0 winners over their lower-league opposition, with all of Demarai Gray, James Justin, Youri Tielemans and Kelechi Iheanacho on the scoresheet. During the clash, Maddison picked up an injury to his ankle. That was later confirmed by Leicester’s assistant manager Chris Davies. Davies also revealed Maddison is now a doubt for the clash with Newcastle. That could have alarm bells ringing for both Leicester fans and fantasy football players. “Madders got a knock on his ankle and he looks a doubt for weekend, but we’ll see how he is in recovery this week,” Leicester’s Chris Davies explained, as quoted by Sky Sports. Considering how important Maddison has been this season, that will come a huge blow for Leicester and a big boost for Newcastle. Enjoyed that one Have a great weekend you Foxes A post shared by  James Maddison (@madders) on Sep 21, 2019 at 9:58am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Maddison has been performing so well that he’s got some pretty big admirers following him. According to reports, Manchester United are big fans, so much so they will try and sign him soon. Click here to find out more about Man United’s interest and Leicester’s price tag. Source: Great Goals