Leicester City have had a very solid start to the 2019/20 campaign. After four Premier League games, the Foxes sit third in the table and are one of just three PL sides yet to lose a league outing this season. Leicester must now travel to Manchester United this coming Saturday. The Red Devils had a great opening game of 2019/20, smashing Chelsea 4-0. Since then though, United have failed to win any of their proceeding three league games. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 31: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on prior to the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Manchester United at St Mary’s Stadium on August 31, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Ahead of the Man United game, Brendan Rodgers has provided a fitness update on his squad. It largely sounds good for Leicester with Rodgers stating everyone has come back fit and well from the latest international break: “They’ve all come back, all fine, and all fit and well. “The training squad is super competitive and everyone is fighting, not just to play, but also to be in the matchday squad. “The nature of this squad is that they are very keen to improve and get better. It’s a long season and we’re really looking forward to this game against a top-class team.” Rodgers went on to state that apart from Matty James, everyone is involved and working for Leicester. Rodgers also mentioned that James recently had an operation: “He had an operation a few weeks ago so that’s the reason he wasn’t in the squad for this period of the season, but apart from that, everyone is involved and working.” As quoted by Leicester’s official website. The manager welcomed his players back from international duty earlier this week…https://t.co/nNP4Idn8SV — Leicester City (@LCFC) September 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Sheffield United vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals