 A brand new episode of Level Up With Ronx is here. In this episode, Ronke Bamisedun, has a word for Budding entrepreneurs discusses who are confused on when to work for free or get paid for their expertise. She says; This is a video you do not want to miss! Watch:  I remember when I moved back to Nigeria, I would often get told I didn't have the local knowledge, despite my international agency experience. So, I took on a few projects to show what I could do. . My first project was the maiden edition of @gidifest and gave me the much needed intro to market. . Today's tips should help you decide when you should take on a gig for free and when you should use the 'I'll get back to you..' line. . With 2020 around the corner, you need to be intentional. Let no one waste your time. . Drop a comment if you found this useful. . . . #levelupwithronx #personalbranding #careertips #womeninbusiness #vlogseries A post shared by  Latti Ronx Bamisedun (@only_ronx) on Sep 5, 2019 at 7:55am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Ronke Bamisedun answers the Question “Should You Work for Free?” on “Level Up With Ronx” appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Ronke Bamisedun, founder of BWL agency has just started a mini vlog series titled “Level Up With Ronx”, where she shares tips for young creatives looking to grow in the industry. Watch the introduction: View this post on Instagram I did a video because my (exes) girl keeps asking about… August 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" It’s the last Freaky Friday of the year and the threads are rolling in. This one is hilarious as heck and goes to prove… I’m not sure it what it proves. Just read and enjoy: This is a story of how one babe wanted to kill me with sexual enjoyment.… December 29, 2017 In "News" Honourable Ganiyu Johnson is the member representing Oshodi/Isolo Federal Constituency II. The former Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure in Lagos State, in an interview with journalists, talked about the major changes he intends bringing to his constituency and other issues. JOY ANIGBOGU brings the excerpts: At the just concluded Eid-El… August 22, 2019 In "News"