Jurgen Klopp has now been Liverpool boss for just shy of four years. In that time Klopp has helped restore Liverpool to a top-quality side that can compete in any competition. The 2018/19 campaign would see Klopp guide Liverpool to their 6th Champions League title and a 97 point finish in the Premier League. But in a recent interview, Klopp spoke about who could replace him if he were sacked. Klopp mentioned Kenny Dalglish but he also stated that he would pick Steven Gerrard to follow him. “If Liverpool were to sack me tomorrow, then maybe Kenny [Dalglish] would be the first choice to replace me, but they would probably bring Stevie down from Glasgow. “If you ask who should follow me, I’d say Stevie. I help him whenever I can.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. GLASGOW, SCOTLAND – SEPTEMBER 02: Rangers manager Steven Gerrard is seen during the Scottish Premier League between Celtic and Rangers at Celtic Park Stadium on September 2, 2018 in Glasgow, Scotland. (Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images) Gerrard has spent the past year and a bit honing his craft in the Scottish Premier League with Rangers. After six games of the 2019/20 SPL season, Rangers sit 2nd in the table, three points behind Celtic. Now, in a recent interview, Gerrard has responded to Klopp’s comments, claiming he was both surprised and flattered: “I was surprised and flattered at the same time. “But when you read the quote really carefully, like I have, it said, ‘if I get sacked tomorrow’ he thinks Steven Gerrard should be the next Liverpool manager. “Jurgen Klopp’s not getting sacked tomorrow. I don’t want him to get sacked tomorrow. He’s doing a fantastic job.” As quoted by Sky Sports News.   THE BOYS! A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Sep 26, 2019 at 9:06am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Sheffield United vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Source: Great Goals