 Few weeks ago, The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) arraigned 77 Nigerians for fraud related activities. In a new development, the FBI arrested 281 individuals, including 167 Nigerians for involvement in fraudulent Business Email Compromise (BEC) schemes, the agency announced recently. The FBI said it worked in collaboration with Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to arrest 167 suspected fraudsters in Nigeria alone. The latest arrest is part of Operation reWired, a four-month international operation designed to intercept and hijack wire transfers from businesses and individuals, FBI disclosed. 74 people were reportedly arrested in the US, 15 in Ghana and 18 in Turkey, while Nigeria had the largest number of arrest. Arrests was also made in Japan, Kenya, France, Italy, Malaysia and the United Kingdom (UK). An FBI statement reads in part: Deputy Attorney General Rosen expressed gratitude for the outstanding efforts of the participating countries, including law enforcement actions that were coordinated and executed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Nigeria to curb business email compromise schemes that defraud businesses and individuals alike. Photo Credit: Premium Times Nigeria The post FBI in collaboration with EFCC arrest 167 Nigerians for alleged Fraudulent Activities appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija The acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, has disclosed that the collaborative operations between the Commission and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, tagged “Operation Rewired” have led to the recovery of the sums of $169,850 (One Hundred and Sixty-nine Thousand, Eight Hundred and Fifty… September 11, 2019 In "News" The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, yesterday, said its collaboration with the Federal Bureau for Intelligence, FBI, has paid off, as it has arrested 167 Nigerians for alleged computer-related frauds from August till date. Continue reading EFCC lauds collaboration with FBI at Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard September 10, 2019 In "News" FBI has reportedly arrested a Forbes-rated young Nigerian billionaire and CEO of Invictus Group, Obinwanne Okeke over a $12 billion (N4.3bn) fraud. According to reports, Okeke was arrested last week on the last day of his trip to the United States. The FBI arrested the young billionaire for allegedly defrauding… August 18, 2019 In "Entertainment"