In the Travelbeta Challenge, the remaining 11 housemates were grouped into 3 groups : 1. Team New York – Mike, Ike, Elozonam & Diane
2. Team Lagos – Mercy, Khafi & Frodd
3. Team Dubai – Omashola, Seyi, Tacha & Cindy At the end of the challenge, Team Lagos and Team New York won one million Naira each in the ongoing Big Brother Naija Season 4. The housemates were tasked to create a commercial about traveling to the best holiday destinations and a game of dice.  The first task was for each team to spell a letter from the word, “Travelbeta” by rolling the dice until it turned (6). It was in this process that Team Lagos (Mercy, Frodd and Khafi) made a successful comeback to beat the other Teams (Team New York and Team Dubai). The second task was to make an amazing commercial package for the Travelbeta brand. The housemates were required to take 2 minutes commercial for a destination package from the original commercial that was displayed on the TV in the lounge.  Team New York won the 1 Million Naira cash prize due to their overall creativity (Ad Copy) and Professionalism. About Travelbeta Travelbeta is a well-established and professionally staffed online travel management company based in Nigeria. We aim to deliver the best travel experience to you by catering for your needs in the areas of flights, hotels, Visa Processing (Dubai visa and more) , airport pickups, vacation packages to all major tourist destinations in the world, corporate packages, and travel insurance. We simply provide you with result-oriented solutions to suit every lifestyle and budget. What do we aim to achieve? We aim to help you spend less time planning your travels and more time on having the perfect holiday experience. We don’t only give you the best travel packages; we deliver them to you at the most affordable prices in the industry. Our easy-to-use online booking platform saves you time, money and stress.  Why Book with Travelbeta? We offer you the opportunity to discover, compare and book cheap flights and travel deals at your convenience. We’re true to ourselves and others, and we’re honest in our dealings. We keep to our promise and that is to give you a memorable experience. Contact Us Anytime Head office Address: 79 Allen Avenue, Ikeja, Lagos
Email Address: info@travelbeta.com
Phone : 01 631 1375 , 07001110111
Website: www.travelbeta.com
Official blog: blog.travelbeta.com   —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post The Pepper Dem Housemates Win 2 Million Naira in TravelBeta’s Challenge appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Diane’s Splash Party Summer might be over but the hints of warm weather in Biggie’s House has the Pepper Dem Gang in summer mode – and nothing says summer mode like a pool party. When it comes to fun in the sun or should we say fun at night, the… September 15, 2019 In "Entertainment" All week, the BBNaija 2019 housemates have been working hard on their weekly task while getting hit with all sort of twists from Big Brother. Big Brother’s weekly task for the housemates for this week was to act a drama set in the 1950s. The housemates were divided into groups… August 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" The Gift And The Curse With Veto Power comes great responsibility. Seyi bears the gift and the curse this week and he uses it. So heavy is the weight of being the Veto Power Holder that Seyi refused to use it the first time he had contact with it. Diane said it… September 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"