Wolves are reportedly in advanced talks with midfielder Joao Moutinho over a new contract at Molineux, following his brilliant performances since joining. Moutinho joined Wolves after their promotion to the Premier League last year. After some time at Monaco, the Portuguese star joined up with several of his compatriots to form a new-look Wolves side, equipped to take on the Premier League. Safe to say, his move was a resounding success after a brilliant season for both Moutinho and Wolves. Nuno Espírito Santo’s side managed to finish seventh in their first season back in the Premier League. That even brought with it a spot in the Europa League. It was an impressive individual season for Moutinho too, who was named Wolves’ player of the season, scoring one goal and assisting eight. Now, he looks set to sign a new contract at Wolves. BRIGHTON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Joao Moutinho of Wolverhampton Wanderers is challenged by Glenn Murray of Brighton and Hove Albion during the Premier League match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers at American Express Community Stadium on October 27, 2018 in Brighton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Steve Bardens/Getty Images) According to the Telegraph, Wolves are in advanced talks with Moutinho over a new deal. They claim: ‘Moutinho is in line for a two-year extension as Nuno Espirito Santo moves to keep the influential Portugal international at Molineux for the long-term, in a development which will lift some of the gloom over Wolves’s disappointing start to the season.’ It’s then suggested that a deal is actually quite close to being concluded. The Telegraph claim a deal could even be done ‘in the next ten days’. Safe to say, this would be a big boost for Wolves after what has been a poor start to the campaign. Equipa vencedora no treino de hoje A post shared by  joaomoutinho8 (@joaomoutinho8) on Sep 8, 2019 at 5:15am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One factor that could be affecting Wolves’ performances this season is fatigue. Due to the Europa League qualifying stages, Wolves have already played a large number of games this campaign. Though, Ruben Neves has rubbished any idea that fatigue is behind his sides poor start. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals