It’s fair to say that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang wasn’t happy after Arsenal drew 2-2 at Watford on Sunday. Speaking to French broadcasters Canal Plus after the draw at Vicarage Road, Aubameyang fumed: I feel like we are literally giving goals to the opposition. It is up to us to progress. I don’t want to accuse anyone, but you could say that us, the attackers, could have killed the game off and score a third goal so I am not going to say it is someone’s fault. Obviously we didn’t expect that. We knew that they were going to try & come back with good intentions, of the kind they demonstrated in the second half. Sadly, we were not able to deal with them well. On the hour mark, with Arsenal 2-1 up at Watford, Unai Emery made a change. Joe Willock replaced Dani Ceballos in the Gunners midfield. Ceballos had impressed against the Hornets, especially as he played a key role in Arsenal’s opener as he won possession on the halfway line. So why did Emery sub Ceballos out the match? Because of the heat. The Arsenal boss said: Today it was very, very hot. We needed in the second half, some fresh players. We were struggling second half and I was thinking how we can improve with three players, fresh players, for give us more energy and give us also more capacity to be strong physically and tactically and also technically. It’s fair to say some Arsenal fans had a problem with the explanation about the Ceballos switch. Arseblog, for example, noted the following: (Ceballos) comes from basically the hottest part of Spain, so is well used to high temperatures, but the head coach insisted the team needed fresh legs during a second period in which Arsenal found themselves under more and more pressure. At halftime on Sunday, Arsenal were cruising. The Gunners went into the break at Watford 2-up thanks to a first-half double from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. However, a terrible effort at playing out from the back gifted Tom Cleverley a goal in the 53rd. David Luiz then took out Roberto Pereyra in the Gunners box with 9 minutes to go, and Pereyra dispatched the penalty with aplomb. Also see: Four key talking points from Arsenal’s draw with Watford. Arsenal’s defensive issues laid bare: Gunners have faced more shots than any other side in Europe’s top-5 leagues this season. Source: Great Goals