Onstream Group – With over 35 years of international experience within the Oil & Gas Industry and Industrial markets, The Onstream Group has strategically aligned itself with its business partners & affiliates to provide cost-effective and operational efficient solutions. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Nigeria Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos/Offshore Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Fresh Graduates & Exp. Job Recruitment at Onstream Group (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) firms help organisations and individuals create the value they’re looking for. We’re a network of firms in 158 countries with more than 236,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. In Sub-Saharan Africa, we’re the largest provider of professional services with offices… September 12, 2019 In "Gists" Peen Nigeria Limited is licensed to provide Stevedoring services in Nigeria, and we are presently recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions below:   1. Production Manager (Operation Oil & Gas) Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Planning Manager (Oil and Gas) Location: Lagos… June 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Jumia is Africa’s leading internet group, with already over 3,000 employees in more than 20 African countries and huge successes such as Jumia, Jumia Travel, Jumia Food, Jumia Deals, Jumia House, Jumia Jobs and Jumia Services. It is led by top talented leaders offering a great mix of local and… September 19, 2019 In "Gists"