Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has revealed the timescale for Aymeric Laporte’s injury which he sustained against Brighton in August. The Frenchman has been brilliant for Manchester City since joining from Atheltic Bilbao. The defender joined in a club-record deal reportedly worth £57million. Laporte was a mainstay in Pep Guardiola’s before suffering a big injury back in August. The central defender suffered a cartilage and lateral meniscus injury after going into a challenge with Brighton defender Adam Webster at the end of the month. That lead to Laporte having surgery, which Manchester City confirmed in a statement last week. Now, Pep Guardiola has given an update on when fans can expect Laporte back in the squad. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 24: Eden Hazard of Chelsea runs with the ball under pressure from Aymeric Laporte of Manchester City during the Carabao Cup Final between Chelsea and Manchester City at Wembley Stadium on February 24, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) Speaking to the press ahead of Manchester City’s clash with Norwich, Guardiola revealed Laporte will not return in 2019. Instead, it could take ‘five or six months’ before Laporte returns to the squad. “It will be long – five or six months, January or February maybe – next year for sure,” Guardiola explained, as quoted by the BBC. Worryingly, only Nicolas Otamendi and John Stones remain as recognised central defenders. Should one of those two get injured as well, there could be some huge problems at the back for Manchester City. A post shared by Aymeric Laporte (@a.laporte) on Sep 12, 2019 at 12:20pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who has been just as important as Laporte for City is Raheem Sterling. The Englishman continues to go from strength to strength and has started the new season in fine form. Now, he’s received some very big praise from former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher. The former defender has claimed Sterling has the potential to win a Ballon d’Or in the future. Click here to see what Carragher had to say about Sterling. Source: Great Goals Aymeric Laporte: Out for at least 23 matches On Wednesday, Man City posted an update on Aymeric Laporte. Laporte was injured in last weekend’s match against Bournemouth in the Premier League. Sadly for the French centre-half, he’s suffered a knee injury which has required surgery. Man City failed to outline… September 5, 2019 In "Sports" Gabriel Jesus back before Norwich City Prior to the international break, Man City’s Gabriel Jesus suffered an injury. Jesus missed matches against Bournemouth and Brighton in the Premier League. That’s after the Brazilian attacker sustained a hamstring injury in training at the end of August. At the time, Pep Guardiola… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" Man City confirm Aymeric Laporte knee operation On Wednesday, Manchester City have posted an update regarding Aymeric Laporte. Laporte suffered a knee injury during Man City’s Premier League match against Bournemouth last weekend. City have posted the following update on social media: Aymeric Laporte has undergone surgery on his knee… September 4, 2019 In "Sports"