Chelsea have finally won their first home match of the season. However, the Blues failed to keep their first clean sheet of the season in a 7-1 win over Grimsby in the Carabao Cup. The Blues cruised to victory thanks to goal from Ross Barkley, Michy Batshuayi (2), Pedro, Kurt Zouma, Reece James and Callum Hudson-Odoi. Next up for Chelsea is a Premier League match at home against Brighton on Saturday. If Chelsea win a penalty in the Brighton clash, who will take it? That’s currently up in the air following the Grimsby game, as Pedro converted from the spot. A few weeks ago, Ross Barkley skied a penalty against Valencia in the Champions League.   Willian wants to take it. Jorginho has scored them ⚽️ . . . But this time Ross Barkley steps up from the spot, and #Chelsea lose 1-0 to #Valencia at Stamford Bridge 😢 . . . #ChampionsLeague #OptusSport A post shared by  Optus Sport (@optussport) on Sep 17, 2019 at 5:56pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js However, after that miss, Frank Lampard confirmed that Barkley will continue to be Chelsea’s spot-kick taker when he’s on the pitch. Lampard previously said: Ross is the penalty taker, he was in pre-season and scored a couple. When Ross comes on, he becomes the penalty taker and he missed it. Cue the confusion on Wednesday night as Barkley was playing against Grimsby, but Pedro took the penalty instead. After the game, Frank Lampard explained by Pedro, not Barkley, was Chelsea’s penalty-taker: The good thing is that I can choose things and I chose him for the penalty and as captain. Lampard on penalty takers: "The good thing about my job is I can choose who does things and I chose Pedro to be captain and take the penalty today." #CFC #CHEGRI #CarabaoCup — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) September 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js During his post-match presser, Frank Lampard was informed that Chelsea have drawn Man United in the next round of the Carabao Cup. The Chelsea manager reacted as follows.   @franklampard finds out @chelseafc had drawn @manchesterunited in the Carabao Cup fourth round during his press conference! 😂🔵 . . . . . . . . . . . .#chelsea #manchesterunited #football #funny #lampard A post shared by  HaytersTV (@hayterstv) on Sep 25, 2019 at 2:46pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Chelsea appeared to avoid any new injuries before the Brighton game. However, the Blues continue to have problems at the back with Andreas Christensen, Antonio Rudiger and Emerson all sidelined. Ruben Loftus-Cheek is also still on Chelsea’s injury table. However, Brighton suffered an injury blow on Wednesday losing centre-half Shane Duffy. During Aston Villa’s 3-1 win at Brighton in the Carabao Cup, Duffy exited the game with an injury to his right leg. Speaking after the game, Brighton manager Graham Potter said: It sounds like (Duffy) has had either a kick or something in his calf. Obviously it is a concern for us. We will see how it settles down in the next 24 or 48 hours. Also see: Marcus Rashford’s injury timetable before Arsenal & Newcastle, impact on Mason Greenwood & strikers targeted for January. Unai Emery on Bellerin starting vs Man United: ‘I think no’. Source: Great Goals