 UPDATE ENTERTAINMENT UNVEILS MARTINSXPR – MY PARTY ft. ZLATAN Martins Kosi Nwaigwe popularly known as MartinsXPR originally hails from Enugu state, Nigeria but was born and raised in Asaba, Delta state,Nigeria where he went to asagba secondary school in asaba before moving to Qatar. Martins studied a course in diving and embarked on a diving career before moving on to pursue his first love “music” . MartinsXPr started singing at the age of 8 at St Patrick choir Asaba. While growing up he drew inspiration from music legend Michael Jackson and Chris brown. The artist who is signed to update entertainment got his dancing and singing zest from the aforementioned stars and this has helped in paving his way in morphing into a singer,dancer and song writer. Watch out for this fast rising star as he takes the industry by storm. For the release of this single, MartinsXPR will be giving out $1000 dollars and 20 pieces of infinixS4 mobile phones to dancers. Listen and Enjoy – MartinsXPR x Zlatan‘s ‘My Party‘ https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/MartinsXPR-X-Zlatan-My-Party.mp3 DOWNLOAD MP3 Follow him on social media @martinsxpr for more details. The post MartinsXPR – “My Party” ft. Zlatan appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive MartinXPR ft. Zlatan – My Party Update Entertainment Unveils the new single “My Party” by its lead artist MartinsXPR featuring rave of the moment Zlatan. Martins Kosi Nwaigwe popularly known as MartinsXpr originally hails from Enugu state, Nigeria but was born and raised in Asaba, Delta state,Nigeria where he went… September 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" You go to parties and you can’t stop dancing. You’re wiping sweat off your face and your handkerchief is completely soaked. You can’t help but inquire who the monstrous DJ is. It is a fact that Nigerian DJs are known for setting dance floors on fire. Sometimes, many Nigerian DJs… August 14, 2019 In "Music/Video" Kogi State-born lawmaker, Senator Dino Melaye, has released yet another hilarious video where he is seen throwing shots at Nigeria’s President, Muhammadu Buhari, and the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. In a video sharedÂ on his Instagram page, Dino first asked his followers to vote out President Buhari before singing in… December 11, 2018 In "News"