Arsenal’s Alexandre Lacazette will be out until October with an injury, the club have announced ahead of their clash with Watford. Lacazette has started the season impressively, scoring two goals in three Premier League appearances so far. One of those goals came in the north London derby clash against Tottenham before the international break. The Frenchman also scored 19 goals in all competitions last season. With that in mind, it’s safe to say Lacazette is an incredibly important payer for Arsenal. Though, they will now have to perform without him for an extended period of time. VALENCIA, SPAIN – MAY 09: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Arsenal (R) celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal with teammate Alexandre Lacazette during the UEFA Europa League Semi Final Second Leg match between Valencia and Arsenal at Estadio Mestalla on May 09, 2019 in Valencia, Spain. (Photo by Alex Caparros/Getty Images) That’s after Arsenal released a statement on their official website on Friday afternoon. The Gunners revealed that Alexandre Lacazette will be out with an ankle injury until October. They also revealed that the Frenchman had been playing with his injury for ‘several weeks’ before a decision was made to rest him for an extended period of time. Their statement read: ‘After assessments to an ongoing ankle issue, we have advised that Alex will need to rest and strengthen his ankle to regain full fitness. Alex has been playing through this injury for several weeks. He is likely to be back in action in October.’ With his return not coming until October, Lacazette will miss Premier League fixtures against Watford, Aston Villa and Manchester United. The Frenchman will also miss Arsenal’s first Europa League game of the campaign against Eintracht Frankfurt. The good news for Arsenal fans is that the club has also provided a positive injury update for a few players. Arsenal’s statement also revealed that all of Rob Holding, Dinos Mavropanos, Hector Bellerin and Kieran Tierney have returned to full training.   Wishing you all the best in your recovery, Laca #Lacazette #Arsenal A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Sep 13, 2019 at 7:55am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who could be pivotal for Arsenal this season is summer loan signing Dani Ceballos. Despite a positive start to his Gunners spell, Ceballos had a torrid time during Arsenal’s clash with Liverpool. Now, he’s heaped praise on the Reds. Click here to see what he had to say about Liverpool and his performance. Source: Great Goals By Izuchukwu Okosi Nollywood star comedian , Okechukwu Onyegbulam aka Okey Bakassi, is drooling at the prospect of Arsenal’s attacking trio of Alexis Sanchez, Mesut Ozil and Alexandre Lacazette being unleashed by manager Arsene Wenger in their Monday night Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. The Gunners… September 25, 2017 In "Sports" Arsenal's Gabonese striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (R) celebrates with Arsenal's French striker Alexandre Lacazette (L) after scoring the team's fourth goal during the English Premier League football match between Fulham and Arsenal at Craven Cottage in London on October 7, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Adrian DENNIS / Arsenal are on… October 8, 2018 In "News" James Benge of football.london has provided an update on Arsenal’s attempts to secure the long-term futures of star attackers Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette. Arsenal fight back The Gunners welcomed Tottenham to the Emirates last Sunday evening, for a highly-anticipated derby showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings with their… September 6, 2019 In "Sports"