An intermediary who oversaw Bobby Duncan’s transfer from Liverpool to Fiorentina has today revealed that Manchester United previously ‘insisted’ on securing a deal for the youngster. Duncan, an 18-year-old forward, only made the move to Anfield from Premier League rivals Manchester City last summer, amid an apparent contract dispute with the Citizens. Despite being widely-regarded as one of the finest young talents on the books of Liverpool, though, rumours had begun to mount of late that the teen was set for an imminent Reds’ departure, just over a year on from his arrival. This came after agent Saif Rubie controversially took to social media, to claim that Duncan was being forced to remain at the club against his will, even going as far as to accuse the European champions of ‘bullying’ his client. Liverpool quickly rejected Rubie’s ‘unfounded’ claims, but the damage had long been done. As such, it came as little surprise when Duncan’s Anfield exit was made official earlier this week, with the gifted teen having put pen-to-paper on a deal with Serie A outfit Fiorentina: Over the line! Really happy to sign for @ACFFiorentina, and even more excited to get started! Can’t wait to play in front of all the fans and experience the Italian culture. Thanks to all the fans for the messages!! 💜 #ForzaViola pic.twitter.com/4EeiHUCBxa — Bobby Duncan (@bobbyduncan999) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One intermediary involved in the deal that eventually saw Duncan make his way to Florence, though, has today revealed that the English youth international could very easily have remained in his home country, with another of the Premier League’s heavyweights. Speaking in an interview with the Daily Mail, Italian Vincenzo Morabito, who claims to have played a key role in the transfer, explained that Manchester United, along with Lazio, were extremely keen on Duncan’s signature. The attacker, though, decided against a move to Old Trafford, due to not wanting to ‘betray’ Liverpool: ‘It all started in April. Saif contacted me and we set to work to find new accommodation for Bobby. The boy did not want to betray Liverpool and said no to United who insisted so much with him.’ ‘He could have gone to Lazio but relations with Liverpool are very bad and nothing was done.’ ‘(Lazio manager) Simone Inzaghi would have made him grow a lot and I hope he is like that with (Fiorentina boss) Vincenzo Montella.’ REVEALED: Bobby Duncan turned down Man United move as he ‘didn’t want to betray’ Liverpool before making £1.8m move to Fiorentina after claims Anfield club were ‘bullying’ him https://t.co/j0wklSkSmL — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) September 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester’s Youri Tielemans admits he turned down ‘big clubs’ amid Man United links Paul Pogba’s brother questions quality of Man United squad: ‘De Gea is the only other great player’ Source: Great Goals Liverpool will not budge on their stance over Ryan Kent and the winger will not be allowed to join Rangers on loan. Reports in Scotland suggested the 22-year-old, whose solitary first-team appearance for the Reds came in an FA Cup tie in January 2016, was prepared to try to force… August 21, 2019 In "News" Liverpool End Man City’s Unbeaten EPL Run In Anfield Thriller Manchester City’s unbeaten run in the Premier League finally came to an end following their nervy 4-3 defeat to Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday. Prior to the defeat to Liverpool, City had gone 22 games without defeat, winning 20 games… January 14, 2018 In "Sports" Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has admitted that his side were second best in Saturday’s Premier League 0-0 draw with Liverpool at Anfield. Liverpool were dominant against an ultra-defensive Manchester United side set up for a draw by manager Jose Mourinho. But the hosts could not break down their… October 14, 2017 In "Sports"