Alisson’s debut season at Liverpool was outstanding. The Brazilian conceded just 22 goals in 38 league outings last campaign, the lowest in the Premier League that season. However, Liverpool have been without their number one shot-stopper for much of the 2019/20 season. Alisson started in Liverpool’s opening PL clash of the campaign vs Norwich but had to be taken off. The former Roma man has now, on Wednesday, provided an update on his recovery: “I’m on a good way, I think we are nearly there. “I can go outside to the pitch to do some goalkeeper work and I feel very well. I feel confident and I think now it’s just about getting all my power, all my confidence to come back and do what I love to do.” Alisson also spoke about the significance of him being back training outside: “It’s massive because if I look back, two weeks ago I couldn’t even walk properly. Now I’m running, jumping on my right leg that was injured so I’m really happy for that. “It’s great. When you are a player you want to have the contact with the ball, with the guys on the pitch, the routine of training. It’s what I love to do. “The games, the atmosphere at Anfield, the away games, all games when I watch on the TV, I just think how I want to play, I want to be there, I want to help my teammates. I’m looking forward [to being back], I can’t wait anymore!” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – MAY 12:(THE SUN OUT, THE SUN ON SUNDAY OUT) Alisson Becker of Liverpool with the golden glove at the end of the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Wolverhampton Wanderers at Anfield on May 12, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images) Liverpool’s latest clash sees them take on MK Dons on Wednesday evening in the 3rd round of the League Cup. Jurgen Klopp’s side lost in the 3rd round of this competition vs Chelsea last campaign and will no doubt be hoping for a much longer run this time around. Liverpool last lifted the League Cup in 2012 when they saw off Cardiff in the final. While Liverpool are playing their first LC game of the season tonight, MK Dons have already had to beat AFC Wimbledon and Southend United to make it this far. Another week, another cup up for grabs LET’S DO THIS #LFC #Liverpool #LiverpoolFC #CarabaoCup A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Sep 25, 2019 at 12:08am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Rangers: Jurgen Klopp endorses Steven Gerrard as next Liverpool boss Liverpool line up record Nike deal & Leo Messi thinks Sadio Mane is FIFA’s Best Source: Great Goals