Liverpool have this afternoon provided fitness updates on Alisson and Naby Keita, in anticipation of their latest outing tomorrow night. Jurgen Klopp’s men are set to get their League Cup campaign underway in a little over 24 hours’ time. The Reds will travel to Buckinghamshire, to take on League One outfit MK Dons. Liverpool head into proceedings on the back of a bounce-back result this past weekend. After falling to a disappointing 2-0 defeat in their Champions League curtain-raiser at Napoli last week, the Merseyside giants secured a hard-fought 2-1 win over Chelsea on Sunday evening. As such, Liverpool will no doubt be aiming to make short work of their latest opponents, with a number of fringe players and injury returnees expected to feature at Stadium MK tomorrow night. And, speaking in an interview in anticipation of the clash earlier today, Reds assistant boss Pep Lijnders provided updates on a pair of key sidelines stars. First, Jurgen Klopp’s right-hand man confirmed that Naby Keita is set to return to action tomorrow night: Pep Lindjers says Naby Keita can play tomorrow: “Tomorrow will be a day where he will shine. Yes he can play.” #LFC — David Maddock (@MaddockMirror) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Goalkeeper Alisson, meanwhile, is also expected to be back on the pitch in the near future, but will not be ready in time to face MK Dons: On Alisson, Lijnders says: “We have to be careful but he is on his way back as well.” Could be back very soon #LFC — David Maddock (@MaddockMirror) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Finally, on a potential start for youngster Rhian Brewster, Lijnders added: And Lijnders suggests Rhian Brewster will start too – “He is a complete number nine, let us see, but he is a good boy.” #LFC — David Maddock (@MaddockMirror) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Rangers: Jurgen Klopp endorses Steven Gerrard as next Liverpool boss Liverpool line up record Nike deal & Leo Messi thinks Sadio Mane is FIFA’s Best Source: Great Goals Liverpool vs Newcastle Liverpool are set to host Newcastle in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Reds head into the game looking to make it four wins out of four in the 2019/20 PL season. Liverpool are currently the only side not to have dropped points in the English top-flight.… September 14, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Anfield will be packed on Saturday as Liverpool host Newcastle United. Will this be another classic goal-fest? Perhaps, but most will assume that Liverpool will cruise to victory over the Magpies. Alisson & Naby Keita injury updates Prior to the Newcastle match, the Liverpool Echo have assessed… September 9, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool expect Naby Keita to recover from an adductor strain in time for the new Premier League campaign, According to Goal.com. The European champions have confirmed midfielder Keita is on course to begin pre-season training towards the end of July. That timeline should give the 24-year-old adequate opportunity to build… July 6, 2019 In "News"