Pep Guardiola has suggested that Manchester City winger Riyad Mahrez has to be calmer when not featuring in the first team. Mahrez has had somewhat of an up and down start to his Manchester City career. While he’s been brilliant at times, he hasn’t exactly been a first-team regular at the Etihad. Players such as Bernardo Silva, Raheem Sterling and Leroy Sane have seen him have to settle for the bench at times. Now, with the player impressing during City’s Champions League clash with Shakhtar Donetsk, Pep Guardiola has been speaking about the Algerian. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – AUGUST 19: Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City in action during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Huddersfield Town at Etihad Stadium on August 19, 2018 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Speaking after the game against Shakhtar, Guardiola praised Mahrez’s quality and competitive mentality. Though, he did suggest that Mahrez needs to improve his ability to remain relaxed after being selected for the bench. ‘He loves to play football – he loves to be in contact with the ball,’ Guardiola explained, as quoted by the Mail. ‘Take the ball and have fun with the ball. Maybe it’s a stupid detail but I like it. ‘He’s quality. Perhaps the only thing he has to improve is to be more relaxed when he doesn’t play. Only that. The rest is top. ‘When he played last season he played good, except the first few games maybe but it’s normal. ‘There is no doubt we need the quality and especially the mentality. Especially how competitive he is surprised me a lot.’ Perfect way to start the Champions League tonight. Let’s keep it going @mancity A post shared by  RM26 (@riyadmahrez26.7) on Sep 18, 2019 at 2:39pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One of the players Mahrez is competing with, Raheem Sterling, has had a brilliant start to the season. The Englishman has already scored five goals in just five Premier League games. Now, Barcelona legend Xavi is tipping Sterling for big things. Click here to see what he had to say about the Man City man. Source: Great Goals