As per a report from the Independent this evening, Manchester City midfielder David Silva is set to make a move to the MLS come the end of the season. Spanish veteran Silva, now 33, has been on the books at the Etihad since 2010, when he joined the Citizens from Valencia. And the Los Che youth product has since gone on to establish himself as not only one of, if not the greatest player in City’s history, but also one of the finest to ever ply their trade in the Premier League. Silva has proven one of the pillars in the Sky Blues’ emergence from the shadow of city rivals United, to one of European football’s genuine heavyweights. All told, across 402 appearances in the colours of the English champions, the diminutive creator has directly contributed to over 200 goals. This includes 4 assists in 5 league appearances to this point in the current campaign. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 03: David Silva of Manchester City celebrates scoring his sides second goal during the Premier League match between Manchester City and West Ham United at Etihad Stadium on December 3, 2017 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) However, despite remaining one of the key contributors in Pep Guardiola’s star-studded squad, Silva himself confirmed back in June that he was set to call time on his City career come the end of the campaign: ‘This is the last one. Ten years for me is enough. It’s the perfect time for me. Initially, City were talking about two [more] years.’ ‘It completes the cycle. It’s a nice round figure. I can never see myself playing against City for another team. So 10 years – that’s it.’ As such, all that remained was for Silva to reveal where he intends to ply his trade from next season on. And, as per the aforementioned report from the Independent this evening, the veteran has come to a decision on his future. Silva is reportedly set to join MLS outfit Inter Miami, who happen to be partly-owned by David Beckham. The midfielder is said to be excited by the prospect of becoming the face of the newly-formed outfit, with an announcement likely to be forthcoming in the near future. This on David Silva’s future @IndyFootball https://t.co/qeKgfTU08x — Tony Evans (@TonyEvans92a) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester City vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Three key talking points from Man City’s win over Shakhtar Donetsk Source: Great Goals Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola believes his side can do better despite the 7-2 Premier League thrashing of  Stoke City at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. Goals from Raheem Sterling, David Silva, Fernandinho, Leroy Sane, Bernardo Silva and a Gabriel Jesus brace ensured City are two points ahead of rivals Manchester… October 14, 2017 In "Sports" Manchester City's Spanish midfielder David Silva celebrates with teammates after scoring a goal during the UEFA Champions League football match between Shakhatr Donetsk and Manchester City at the Metallist stadium in Kharkiv, on October 23, 2018. GENYA SAVILOV / AFP Manchester City found their Champions League mojo as David Silva… October 23, 2018 In "News" David Silva scored a late winner for Manchester City who came from a goal down to beat Hoffenheim 2-1 in Tuesday’s UEFA Champions League Group F clash played at the Rhein-Neckar-Arena in Sinsheim, Germany. Ishak Belfodil scored within 44 seconds to gave Hoffenheim the lead, but Sergio Aguero brought City… October 2, 2018 In "Sports"