Chris Smalling has suggested he wants to remain at Roma permanently after joining from Manchester United on a season-long loan. Smalling has fallen down the pecking order at Old Trafford this season. The Englishman played 34 games last season across all competitions but Harry Maguire was brought in over the summer. So far this season, it’s clear that Maguire and Victor Lindelof are Ole Gunnar Solskjær’s first-choice central defenders. As a result, Smalling decided to join Roma on a loan deal before the summer window closed. Now, he’s already planning to stay at Roma permanently. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – MARCH 30: Chris Smalling of Manchester United is challenged by Roberto Pereyra of Watford during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Watford FC at Old Trafford on March 30, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) Speaking following his move, Smalling claimed he can ‘definitely see a longer-term future in Italy’. Though, it depends on whether the club is happy with him or not. “To be able to have the chance at a big club, and then if it prolongs and the club is happy, then I can definitely see a longer-term future in Italy,” Smalling explained, as quoted by the Mirror. “I think this is an opportunity that came to me that I was very interested in and I’m very eager to come. “It happened very quickly and I think if I focus on the next game, getting up to speed with training, in terms of the manager’s methods and then hopefully have a very good season, then see what happens.”   Focused… @officialasroma A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Sep 6, 2019 at 3:44am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Another central defender who has fallen out of favour at Old Trafford is Marcos Rojo. The Argentine hardly featured for Manchester United last season. While he was linked with a move away over the summer, a transfer never materialised. Now, Rojo has revealed he could have joined Everton but his move was blocked. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals