EHA Clinics, a subsidiary of eHealth Systems Africa Foundation, is deploying innovative technology-driven modular clinics with the ability to combine several critical accelerators to dramatically scale up comprehensive primary health care access in Nigeria.  We seek to forge new standards in the delivery of quality health systems and to continue expansion to meet the demand for more personalized services, comfort, and convenience while broadening and deepening the services offered. We are recruiting to fill the position below:

Job Title: Software Developer – SMART Location: Abuja Summary of Job This technical position involves using established agile methodologies to analyze, design, develop, implement, maintain, re-engineer and troubleshoot applications. He or she will also excel in the following skills and activities: Key Skills and Attributes/keywords: Essential Duties and Responsibilities
To perform this role successfully, the Software Developer will perform the following responsibilities in relation to all clinics which will include but are not limited to: Who you are Qualifications & Training Salary
Competitive salary scale which is negotiable, but performance-based. Other Benefits
The following benefits are available with this offer of employment: Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Software Developer – SMART at EHA Clinics appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ EHA Clinics, a subsidiary of eHealth Systems Africa Foundation, is deploying innovative technology-driven modular clinics with the ability to combine several critical accelerators to dramatically scale up comprehensive primary health care access in Nigeria.  We seek to forge new standards in the delivery of quality health systems and to continue… July 5, 2019 In "Jobs" eHealth Africa designs and implements data-driven solutions and technologies to improve health systems for and with local communities. eHA’s technology works in low connectivity settings and uses data to drive decision-making by local governments and partner agencies to get optimum results. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job… July 5, 2019 In "Jobs" Reverton.Net Limited is an indigenous company incorporated to take up new challenges arising from increasing number of businesses seeking offline and online ICT solutions. Incorporated in 2012 as a limited liability company, we have deployed various online (real-time) and stand-alone solutions in the area of education portals, eHealth & mHealth… August 1, 2019 In "Jobs"