A clause in Lionel Messi’s Barcelona contract has been revealed this week, which allows him to walk away from the club at the end of each season. Messi has been simply sensational for Barcelona since breaking through many years ago. The Argentine has scored an incredible 603 goals for the Catalan giants and continues to carry them in every competition they play in. Though, it’s now been revealed that should he ever desire to quit the club, he can do so. SAO PAULO, BRAZIL – JULY 06: Lionel Messi of Argentina and Gary Medel of Chile argue with Referee Mario Diaz de Vivar after being shown the red card during the Copa America Brazil 2019 Third Place match between Argentina and Chile at Arena Corinthians on July 06, 2019 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. (Photo by Alexandre Schneider/Getty Images) A report from El Pais, cited and ‘confirmed’ by Goal, has claimed that in Messi’s contract there’s a clause that allows him to walk away from the club at the end of any season. The clause came into effect when Messi turned 32, and is actually fairly common at Barcelona. Carles Puyol, Andres Iniesta and Xavi all reportedly had the same option in their contracts. Despite that, they chose to stay for many years until both Xavi and Iniesta left for new adventures before the end of their careers. Now, Barcelona will be hoping Messi doesn’t exercise his right to leave anytime soon.   Unite a #Dreamers con @alejandrosanz, porque entre todos podemos hacerlo posible. #WeAllDream A post shared by  Leo Messi (@leomessi) on Sep 3, 2019 at 12:41pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The clause for Messi has also now been confirmed by Gerard Pique. The Barcelona defender claimed that he already knew about the clause, but isn’t worried ‘at all’. “I already knew Messi is able to leave for free at the end of each season,” Pique explained to Cadena Ser. “But we all know the commitment Leo has to Barca and it doesn’t worry me at all. “He’s earned the right to be able to choose what he does with his future after everything he’s given the club.”  See also: Virgil van Dijk beats out Messi & Ronaldo as Liverpool dominate at UEFA awards Barcelona’s Clement Lenglet expresses relief at end of Neymar rumours: ‘Finally it’s over’ Source: Great Goals Speculations surrounding Lionel Messi’s contract extension appears to have been laid to rest as Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu revealed the five-time Ballon d’Or winner is already playing under the terms of his new four-year contract. While Messi agreed to a contract extension until 2021 in July, the Barca star… September 15, 2017 In "Sports" Lionel Messi contract negotiations with Barcelona may be troubled if they fail to sign Neymar from PSG, according to La Liga expert Graham Hunter. Lionel Messi is currently contracted with Barcelona until 2021 after signing a deal back in 2017 that saw him become one of the best-paid players on the… July 1, 2019 In "News" Brazil wrapped up their CONMEBOL qualifying fixtures for the 2018 World Cup by bashing Copa America holders Chile 3-0 on Tuesday. Although already through to the World Cup, Gabriel Jesus scored a brace and Paulinho was also on target in Sao Paulo as Brazil finished 10 points clear of nearest… October 11, 2017 In "Sports"