BBC Sport have on Tuesday the 10th of September reported that Everton central defender Yerry Mina has been fined £10,000 and warned as to his future conduct after admitting breaching Football Association betting rules. The issue arose when Mina appeared in a TV advert for Colombian betting company, Betjuego. According to the report from the BBC, the FA called the case unusual and recognise the strong mitigation put forward by both Everton and Mina himself. The BBC report also lists Mina’s mitigating factors as: The advert was entirely in Spanish. It was not broadcast outside of Colombia and was removed as soon as Mina realised he had broken betting rules. Mina did not profit from the advert – his fee was donated to the Yerry Mina Foundation He admitted the charge at the earliest opportunity and apologised for his mistake. On the fine, the FA stated that a warning alone would not be sufficient enough to reflect the seriousness of such a breach. “A warning alone would be insufficient to reflect the seriousness of such a breach given that the integrity of the game is potentially threatened by breaches of the FA’s betting rules.” As quoted by BBC Sport.  LONDON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 26: Marco Silva, Manager of Everton looks on during the FA Cup Fourth Round match between Millwall and Everton at The Den on January 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) On a more positive note, Mina has had a solid start to the 2019/20 campaign with Everton. The 24-year-old has started all four of Everton’s Premier League ties this season. Everton’s next game sees them travel to Bournemouth on Sunday the 15th of September. The Toffees head into the tie in 6th spot whilst Bournemouth are currently 15th in the PL.   🇨🇴⚽️ A post shared by  Yerry Mina (@yerrymina) on Sep 7, 2019 at 11:31am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Related: Marcos Rojo opens up on failed Everton move EXTENDED HIGHLIGHTS: EVERTON 3-2 WOLVES | IWOBI OFF TO A FLYER, RICHARLISON BAGS BRACE! Source: Great Goals