 The second batch of Nigerian returnees, totaling 315 have arrived Nigeria from South Africa, at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport around 7:22 pm on Wednesday. The evacuation, which should have taken place on Tuesday, was stalled due to the delayed issuance of landing permit to the Air Peace aircraft by the South African authority, Punch reports. About 319 Nigerians were initially billed to return on Tuesday in the wake of xenophobic attacks in South Africa but their flight was delayed as a result of the airline not obtaining a landing permit on time. Out of the expected passengers, four were later dropped over documentation issues. Prior to their return, a first batch of 187 Nigerians had been voluntarily evacuated and profiled according to their states. The chairman of  Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa received 2nd batch of Nigerians that arrived from South Africa, also the SSA to Governor Sanwoolu on Diaspora & Foreign Relations was present to hand over welcome home cash token courtesy Lagos State Govt. Was on hand to receive the second batch of returnees from South Africa yesterday evening in Lagos pic.twitter.com/9oLgZIsO5b — Abike Dabiri-Erewa (@abikedabiri) September 19, 2019  Photo Credit: @nidcom_gov The post 315 Nigerians Arrive Nigeria from South Africa appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija The Lagos State Government on Wednesday gave a sum of N20,000 to each of the second batch of 315 Nigerians evacuated from South Africa. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the fresh batch of returnees arrived a week after another 187 Nigerians fleeing xenophobia came back from South… September 18, 2019 In "News" The first batch of Nigerians being evacuated from South Africa have arrived the country through the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. The returnee Nigerians, 187 in number, departed their base in South Africa around 4:00 p.m aboard an Air Peace Boeing 777 aircraft, which landed in Lagos at 9:34 pm… September 12, 2019 In "Entertainment" Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State gave N20,000 to each of the second batch of 315 Nigerians evacuated from South Africa. The second batch of returnees arrived a week after another 187 Nigerians fleeing xenophobia came back from South Africa. The flight, which originated from the OR Tambo International Airport,… September 19, 2019 In "Entertainment"