While Wolves have impressed in reaching the Europa League group phase, has that come at the expense of their Premier League form? Along with rock-bottom Watford, Wolves are the only team in the league without a win this season. Nuno Espirito Santo’s side are 17th in the league with three points from four games. Chelsea are 11th with five points. Frank Lampard has only picked up one win so far: a 3-2 victory at Norwich City. On Sunday, Chelsea’s left-back Emerson picked up a knock playing for Italy against Finland. Emerson has replaced Marcos Alonso as Chelsea’s #1 left-back this season. Vittoria molto importante oggi ragazzi. Purtroppo ho avuto un piccolo infortunio, ma niente di grave. Continuiamo cosi! #Azzurri #EuropeansQualifiers pic.twitter.com/LVhW0PLj8t — Emerson Palmieri (@emersonpalmieri) September 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Am told Emerson's injury from tonight is nothing serious. Chelsea fans can relax a little! — Dean Jones (@DeanJonesBR) September 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Elsewhere, N’Golo Kante was unable to play for France during the international break with an ankle injury. The Sun believe Kante could miss the trip to Wolves, reporting: Lamps will hope he can pass a fitness test and return for the trip to Molineux as his absence would be a hammer blow. Another midfielder who could miss out on Saturday is Mateo Kovacic. On the Croat, the Sun claim: Kovacic has an Achilles injury and is battling to be fit for the Midlands trip. Shifting to defence, while Antonio Rudiger has returned to action, it’s unclear if the German is ready to start for the Blues. Ruben Loftus-Cheek (calf) and Reece James (ankle) are definitely out of the Wolves clash. Pedro, who suffered a hamstring injury before the break, could be in line for a recall. Finally, Callum Hudson-Odoi is closing in on his Chelsea return following a long-term injury. See also: Northern Ireland vs Germany betting tips: Euro 2020 qualifier match preview & predictions Scotland vs Belgium betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals