Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and economic opportunities. In times of acute crisis, we mobilize rapid assistance to help children recover from the effects of war, conflict and natural disasters. Each year, we and our partners reach millions of children in communities around the world. Join our dedicated and diverse staff in their work to improve the well-being of children everywhere. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Health Financing & Advocacy Specialist Job ID: 1900034J
Location: Dutse, Jigawa
Employee Status: Fixed Term

Role Purpose Key Areas Of Accountability
Programme Quality: Communication and Representation: Skills And Behaviours (Our Values In Practice)
Accountability: Ambition: Collaboration: Creativity: Integrity: Skills & Experience
Essential: Prior Experience Expectations: Application Closing Date
26th September, 2019. The post Health Financing & Advocacy Specialist at Save the Children Nigeria – Jigawa appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… September 12, 2019 In "Gists" Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… July 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… February 15, 2019 In "Jobs"