Liverpool traveled to Chelsea on Sunday as they looked to reopen the five-point gap between themselves and 2nd place Manchester City. City would hammer Watford 8-0 on Saturday, meaning Liverpool would be just two points ahead of them should they have lost to Chelsea. As for Frank Lampard’s Chelsea side, they were firstly going in search of their first clean sheet this campaign and also their first win at Stamford Bridge this season. Chelsea’s hopes of a clean sheet were quickly ended in the 14th minute via a superb strike from Trent Alexander-Arnold. Quick thinking and smart shooting from TAA! What a way to score his first goal since November 2018! Watch on Sky Sports Premier League
Follow #CHELIV here: https://t.co/PS1788F5zq
Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/IKd1pcmBra — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Roberto Firmino would add Liverpool’s second in the 30th minute. N’Golo Kante did pull one back for Chelsea in the 71st minute. But despite the Blue’s solid performance in the second half, Liverpool came away with all three points. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 22: Trent Alexander-Arnold of Liverpool celebrates with teammates Virgil van Dijk and Roberto Firmino after scoring his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Liverpool FC at Stamford Bridge on September 22, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) That win over Chelsea means Liverpool have now emerged victorious from all six of their opening Premier League games this season. Jurgen Klopp’s side would achieve the same feat at the start of the 2018/19 campaign. This season Liverpool would beat Norwich, Southampton, Arsenal, Burnley Newcastle and Chelsea in their first six PL ties. Last season the Reds would record victories over West Ham, Crystal Palace, Brighton, Leicester, Tottenham and Southampton in their opening six league outings. It has since been revealed by Opta that Liverpool are the first team in top-flight history to win their opening six matches of a top-flight season in two consecutive seasons. 6 – Liverpool are the first team in top-flight history to win their opening six matches of a top-flight season in two consecutive seasons. Pacesetters. pic.twitter.com/a1EzeGGvrk — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: 3 key talking points from Liverpool’s win over Chelsea Chelsea dealt Emerson injury blow during Liverpool clash Source: Great Goals Lagos –Â The curtain will fall on the 2018/2019 English Premier League today with all but the heavily contested winner position decided already. As is regular during season-end situations, clubs will be battling to either avoid relegation or entering into playoffs or even winning the league itself. But for who will… May 12, 2019 In "News" Premier League round-up Match week five of the 2019/20 Premier League season was exciting as ever. Liverpool went into the weekend the only side in the PL to have won their opening four games. That record continued as Liverpool saw off Newcastle, whilst Liverpool’s rivals Manchester City dropped points. City… September 17, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Liverpool took on Newcastle United in the first Premier League game of the day on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp’s side started the day top of the Premier League table with 12 points. The Reds were the only side to have won their opening four PL games of the… September 14, 2019 In "Sports"