Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno has compared the Gunners to London rivals Tottenham and Chelsea, suggesting his side are the biggest team in London. Leno joined Arsenal during the summer transfer window of 2018, when several new players and Unai Emery joined the club. While he initially struggled, Leno is now the undisputed number one goalkeeper for Arsenal. He and the Gunners have performed decently so far this season, winning two games, drawing one and losing one. Meanwhile, north London rivals Tottenham are 9th in the Premier League having only won one game so far. Chelsea have also only won one game, sitting on the same points as Spurs. Now, Arsenal’s Leno has suggested that Arsenal are the biggest club in London. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 29: Bernd Leno of Arsenal shows hos dejection as Mohamed Salah of Liverpool celebrates after his team mate Roberto Firmino has scored the first goal during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Arsenal FC at Anfield on December 29, 2018 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) In an interview with SportBild, as cited and translated by Sport Witness, Leno was asked to compare Arsenal to former club Bayer Leverkusen. While he claimed you couldn’t compare the two clubs, he suggested that Arsenal is the biggest club in London because they have ‘fans around the world’. “You can’t compare that, of course, Arsenal is a world club, THE club here in London. Not Chelsea, not Tottenham – Arsenal is the club here with fans around the world,” he explained. “No matter where we are, also in the USA or in Asia, there are many fans of Arsenal everywhere.” Safe to say, those comments will please Arsenal fans but they may not go down so well with Spurs and Chelsea supporters.   First home victory A post shared by  Bernd Leno (@berndleno1) on Aug 17, 2019 at 10:29am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Another player who joined in the summer of 2018 is Mattéo Guendouzi. The Frenchman has been used as somewhat of a rotation player since joining but has recently shown what he is capable of. Now, France boss Didier Deschamps has been talking Guendouzi up. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals