As confirmed by Swedish paper Aftonbladet on Thursday, Man United’s Victor Lindelof is refusing to speak with the Swedish media. Aside from Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Lindelof is the biggest football star in Sweden. Lindelof has refused to give any interviews with local press during the current international break. That includes in the mixed zone following the upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers. Sweden play away against the Faroe Islands tonight, before they host Norway on September 8.   🇸🇪 A post shared by  Victor Lindelöf (@victorlindelof) on Sep 3, 2019 at 8:54am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Aftonbladet claim that Lindelof is upset with local media with respects to reports from earlier in the year. Lindelof failed to show up for Swedish international duty for matches against Romania and Norway in March. The Man United defender was heavily criticised for his no-show. Indeed, TV4 claimed that Lindelof’s absence may have been connected to John Guidetti’s omission from the squad. Days later, Lindelof became a dad for the first time. A few months ago, in an interview with Viasat, Lindelof expressed his anger towards TV4: People always wonder what’s behind things. What I cannot understand is how people cannot respect that it is a personal reason. For me, it’s totally sick that you can’t just respect it and let go. But that’s it, if you play football, you have to share everything that happens in your life. It may be, but I think it is totally sick.   Livet ropade. A post shared by  Victor Lindelöf (@victorlindelof) on Mar 25, 2019 at 9:25am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Speaking to Aftonbladet, TV4 Sports Manager Erik Westberg has reacted to the media boycott from the Man United defender: We obviously think it is sad that Victor Nilsson Lindelöf chooses not to talk to us, but we respect Victor’s decision. The expectation is that Lindelof will end his media boycott once this international break finishes. Also see: Man City lose Aymeric Laporte for at least 23 matches but Pep Guardiola isn’t planning to sign a new centre-half. Chelsea’s Kepa Arrizabalaga explains his fallout with Maurizio Sarri vs Man City in the Carabao Cup final. Source: Great Goals