 Demi Moore is the cover star for the October issue of Harper’s Bazaar, flaunting her fit physique poolside and wearing only an oversize pink hat and a diamond bracelet. The 56-year old actress bared it all, opening up to Lena Dunham, who interviewed her, about her and her parents’ drug addiction battles. The mother of three reflected on her life in time for the release of her book “Inside Out” set for September 24. Moore revealed that she became sober in her 20s, struggled again in her 40s, and didn’t get back on track until her 50s See excerpts: On Parents Drug Addiction Struggle The next thing I remember is using my fingers, the small fingers of a child, to dig the pills my mother had tried to swallow out of her mouth while my father held it open and told me what to do. Something very deep inside me shifted then, and it never shifted back. My childhood was over. On her Sobriety I guess I would think of it like this: It was really important to me to have natural childbirth because I didn’t want to miss a moment. And with that I experienced pain. So part of being sober is, I don’t want to miss a moment of life, of that texture, even if that means being in… some pain. On her Children My daughters offered me an opportunity to start to change the generational pattern. To be able to break the cycles …’ Motherhood, she says, was her only absolute goal and the only destiny she can be sure she’s fulfilled, and that includes ‘mothering myself On her Love for Dolls I love figurative art and when I look at the little faces of things that I have, whether they’re like little animals or little something or others. I’ve always got little faces looking at me. If you go up and look at my carry-on bag, I have a little bear, and I have a little Dil Pickles, you know, from Rugrats?      Photo Credit: @marianovivanco The post Demi Moore Opens Up on Love, Loss & Overcoming Addiction as She Covers Harper’s Bazaar’s Latest Issue appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija