Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided fitness updates on a number of his side’s stars, ahead of the club’s upcoming meeting with Arsenal. The Red Devils are set to welcome Arsenal to Old Trafford next Monday, for a crunch Premier League clash. Both sides head into proceedings having secured their places in the Last-16 of the League Cup over the last 48 hours. First, Arsenal put 5 past Nottingham Forest without reply, in a hugely-impressive showing on the part of the Gunners. United were made to work considerably harder for their win, though, after being taken to a penalty shootout by League One outfit Rochdale. Their latest respective Premier League outings, meanwhile, saw Arsenal mount an incredible comeback to put Aston Villa to the sword, but United downed by 2 goals to nil at West Ham amid a dismal display. As such, ahead of Monday’s clash in Manchester, Unai Emery’s men sit in 4th in the English top-flight table, 4 places clear of the Red Devils. A win for Manchester United in 4 days’ time, though, would see the hosts move level with Arsenal. And, speaking in an interview with MUTV in anticipation of Monday’s Old Trafford showdown, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this evening provided updates on some of those who are set to feature, and others who will miss out for his side. First off, Solskjaer confirmed that Marcus Rashford is set to play no part: ‘Marcus, no he’s recovering. He’s not very, very bad. We hope to see him before the international break.’ Paul Pogba and Mason Greenwood, on the other hand, after both featuring versus Rochdale last night, are in contention to start. The news is less positive, however, for Diogo Dalot and Angel Gomes: ‘They’re injured. They weren’t fit to train the last couple of days unfortunately. Hopefully they can be back for Alkmaar next week.’ Finally, there is, as of yet, no word on whether either Luke Shaw or Anthony Martial could return versus Arsenal. We take an early look at who is, and who isn’t, available for selection on Monday night… #MUFC #MUNARS — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js BeIN Sports reportedly deny Arsene Wenger quotes about Manchester United Unai Emery on Bellerin starting vs Man United: ‘I think no’ Source: Great Goals