Derby County have taken to social media to publish an incredible statement, confirming that a drink-driving incident has resulted in captain Richard Keogh being ruled out until the end of the season. The Rams have endured a disappointing start to the new campaign, under the guidance of Phillip Cocu. Derby’s new tactician has led the club to just 8 points from their opening 8 Championship fixtures. As such, as things stand, the Rams sit in a lowly 18th-place in England’s 2nd-tier. And the club’s hopes of turning things around over the coming weeks and months have today been dealt a major blow. As confirmed in a statement across Derby’s official website and social media channels, captain and leader Richard Keogh is set to be sidelined until the closing stages of the campaign. The Irish international, though, did not pick up his injury whilst on the pitch, or the training ground. Incredibly, Keogh was involved in a car crash, following a night of heavy drinking with Derby teammates. The other Rams stars implicated in the incident are rumoured to be Tom Lawrence and Mason Bennett, with Keogh said to have been in the back seat of the former’s car, before it was involved in a collision on the A6. The opening to Derby’s damning statement, meanwhile, is showcased below: ‘The players were out as part of a scheduled team-building dinner with staff and while the majority of them acted responsibly and left at around 8pm and were not involved, a small group, including the team captain Richard Keogh, continued drinking into the night. They should have known when to stop and also ignored the opportunity to be driven home using cars laid on by the club, and chose to stay out.’ ‘As a result of an alcohol-related incident, Richard Keogh has sustained a serious knee injury that will prevent him from playing until the end of the season.’ Club Statement. 👇 — Derby County (@dcfcofficial) September 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Man United provide updates on Rashford, Greenwood and more ahead of Arsenal FIFA provide explanation for Egyptian ‘The Best’ votes for Mo Salah being disregarded Source: Great Goals