Former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has suggested he’s targeting a return to management with an international team before the Qatar World Cup in 2022. Wenger has been out of football since he left Arsenal at the back end of the 17/18 season. After some very successful years at Arsenal, he was no longer able to keep up with the demands of making Arsenal title challengers. Since leaving the Emirates, Wenger has spent a chunk of his time as a pundit. Now, Wenger has revealed the timeframe for his return to management. PARIS, FRANCE – SEPTEMBER 13: Arsene Wenger, Manager of Arsenal shakes hands with Manager of PSG Unai Emery during the UEFA Champions League Group A match between Paris Saint-Germain and Arsenal FC at Parc des Princes on September 13, 2016 in Paris, France. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) Speaking this week, Wenger has revealed he wants to manage an international team ahead of the 2022 World Cup. ‘I could see myself working for a team,’ Wenger told beIN SPORTS ‘I must say I always wanted to go to the World Cup because I felt it’s the job of a manager to be where the best football players in the world play football. ‘Hopefully, you will see me, touch wood, in Qatar in three years’ time.’ International duty⁠ ⁠ #Ceballos #Spain #internationals #Arsenal A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Sep 6, 2019 at 3:55am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js While there’s clearly nothing in the pipeline just yet, there will surely be no shortage of international teams looking to sign Wenger up. Interestingly, a move may not happen for a while yet either. That’s because according to the Mirror, Wenger will take up a role at FIFA as their technical director. They claim he ‘could be confirmed in the role as early as this month’. So while a return to management is possible, we may not see it for a little while. Source: Great Goals An abdominal strain will keep Alexis Sanchez on the sidelines for two weeks, Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed. The Chile forward, who wants to leave Arsenal this summer with one year left on his contract, has not had much pre-season training after being given time off for playing in… August 9, 2017 In "Sports" Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has confirmed that the club are in talks to extend Mesut Ozil’s contract. “Talks are going well,” Wenger said during his pre-match press conference on Thursday ahead of Saturday’s Premier League clash against Watford. “That is my understanding (that he wants to stay). The fact that… October 12, 2017 In "Sports" Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has revealed that he plans to field a strong side in their matchday five UEFA Europa league away clash against Cologne on Thursday. Arsenal, currently on 10 points, have already progressed into the last-32 of the Europa League, but a win against Cologne would see them… November 22, 2017 In "Sports"