Manchester United have reportedly opened contract talks with young midfielder Angel Gomes amid interest from La Liga giants Barcelona. Gomes is arguably one of Man United’s most exciting talents and is quickly making a name for himself at Old Trafford. The English midfielder has been at the Red Devils since the age of six. Gomes scored six goals and assisted five in the Premier League’s youth league last campaign. That saw him feature for the first team at times late last season. While he’s yet to make a Premier League appearance this season, Gomes was one of several young talents who were given the chance to impress in the Europa League clash with FC Astana on Thursday. Now, after breaking into the first team again, Man United are looking to reward him. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – MAY 21: Angel Gomes of Manchester United comes on for Wayne Rooney of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Old Trafford on May 21, 2017 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Dave Thompson/Getty Images) According to the MEN, Manchester United have opened contract talks with Gomes. It’s said that club officials are ‘eager’ to tie him down to a new deal, with his current contract set to expire next summer. Interestingly, the MEN also report that Gomes has generated interest from Barcelona. They claim: ‘The MEN understands United are not currently close to a breakthrough with Gomes’s representatives and the England youth international has generated interest from Barcelona’. Talks with Gomes could then be a result of fears that Barcelona could poach the youngster. The MEN also make a point to mention Gomes is close friends with Jadon Sancho and could be ’emboldened’ by his success abroad. 3 points in the bag, always good to be out there we continue to make progress, a lot to work on! A post shared by  Angel g (@angel.gomes10) on Sep 19, 2019 at 3:05pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js While Gomes was pretty decent on Thursday night, there was another youngster who impressed. So much so that they were included in the Europa League team of the week. Click here to see which youngster made the cut. Source: Great Goals Manchester United in the Premier League so far: WDLD As we return to Premier League action, following the international break, should Manchester United fans be excited on the evidence so far… To recap, Manchester United began the Premier League season with a thumping 4-0 win over Chelsea. This was followed… September 12, 2019 In "Sports" Lindelof rewarded for positive year Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof has signed a new five-year deal at Old Trafford, keeping him at the club until 2024. Despite being somewhat of a disappointing signing initially, Lindelof has thrived since Ole Gunnar Solskjær took over. In his first year at the club,… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho, currently out of a job, has today opened up on the necessary ambitions of any outfit whom may hope to coax him back into management. Mourinho’s recent struggles Portuguese tactician Mourinho was relieved of his duties at Premier League giants Manchester United last December, following a dismal start… September 19, 2019 In "Sports"