Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil&Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry and transferring of technology to our great country. We are recruiting to fill the position below:

Job Title: Business Development Officer Location: Rivers

Job Role
The Sales and Marketing Officer (BDM) will be responsible for business development and winning sales for the organization: Job Requirements Minimum Qualifications – Education and Experience Application Closing Date
27th September, 2019. The post Business Development Officer at Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil& Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry… September 9, 2019 In "Gists" Dexterous Applied Training Institute (DATI) is an industry certified Training and Consultancy Institute, established to support Governmental Agencies, Organizations, Host Communities and their people within the Oil& Gas, Manufacturing, Production, Banking, Energy, Hospitality and Educational industries. With a great burden of closing the skill-gap that exist in the Nigerian Industry… June 13, 2019 In "Jobs" Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process & Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically,… July 17, 2019 In "Jobs"