Newcastle United and Liverpool went head-to-head in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Magpies started pretty brightly, taking the lead in the 7th minute via Jetro Willems. However, Jurgen Klopp’s side eventually stepped it up with Sadio Mane bagging himself a brace by the 40th minute. Mohamed Salah got Liverpool’s final goal of the day vs Newcastle. FULL TIME: Liverpool 3 Newcastle United 1 Despite Jetro Willems’ early opener for the Magpies, Sadio Mané’s brace and Mo Salah’s second half strike seals the win for the Reds at Anfield. #NUFC A post shared by  Newcastle United FC (@nufc) on Sep 14, 2019 at 6:24am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js As well as coming away from Anfield without any points, Newcastle were also forced to bring Fabian Schar off in the 80th minute. Steve Bruce would provide an update on Schar after the Liverpool clash: “It’s the calf, we’re not sure if it’s cramp or a tear. “The medical department say he does suffer from cramp a little bit. “We do hope it’s that.” As quoted by the Newcastle Chronicle. Bruce also spoke about Sean Longstaff who missed Saturday’s defeat to Liverpool: “We have no update. We don’t know how bad it is. “We know he has twisted it, we don’t think it’s that severe. “Whether it’s going to be next week is touch and go.” As quoted by the Newcastle Chronicle. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 22: Graham Potter, head coach of Ostersunds FK claps the fans after UEFA Europa League Round of 32 match between Arsenal and Ostersunds FK at the Emirates Stadium on February 22, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Newcastle’s next game is at home to Brighton on Saturday the 21st of September. The North-East outfit will no doubt be hoping that both Schar and Longstaff can feature vs the Seagulls. Brighton are currently 15th in the Premier League with five points from five games. Brighton’s last game saw them draw 1-1 with Burnley on Saturday. Related: Man City vs Tottenham VAR precedent justified Joel Matip’s non-penalty vs Newcastle Three key talking points from Liverpool’s win over Newcastle Source: Great Goals Liverpool vs Newcastle Surely it’ll be another win for Liverpool this weekend, right? Newcastle United visit Anfield on Saturday in the Premier League. Liverpool are top of the standings with a perfect record after four matches. The Magpies are 14th in the table with four points on the board. Newcastle’s… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Liverpool took on Newcastle United in the first Premier League game of the day on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp’s side started the day top of the Premier League table with 12 points. The Reds were the only side to have won their opening four PL games of the… September 14, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Newcastle will travel to Liverpool on Saturday in the early Premier League kick-off. The Magpies would lose their opening two league games under Steve Bruce but their form has since improved. Newcastle have picked up four points in their last two games, beating Tottenham and drawing with… September 13, 2019 In "Sports"