Chelsea have this evening been dealt a worrying blow on the injury front, during the club’s Champions League meeting with Valencia. Frank Lampard’s Blues got their return to the top tier of European football underway a short time ago, at Stamford Bridge. The capital giants welcomed managerless Valencia to London, for a Group H opener. Chelsea no doubt headed into proceedings brimming with confidence, having gotten their domestic form back on track in scintillating fashion at Wolves over the weekend. The Pensioners picked up a 5-2 win at Molineux, with the in-form Tammy Abraham having proven the star of the show. The English hitman notched a hat-trick, sandwiched between further strikes from Fikayo Tomori and Mason Mount, as Chelsea’s young English contingent continued their stellar opening to the campaign. 2 – Tammy Abraham is the third player in Premier League history to score 2+ goals in three consecutive appearances aged 21 or younger, after Cristiano Ronaldo in December 2006 and Dele Alli in January 2017. Shining. pic.twitter.com/WSuVIrXpcT — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, it subsequently came as little surprise to see all of Abraham, Tomori and Mount handed starts versus Valencia: Teams news! 👊 Here’s how the Blues line up against Valencia…#CHEVCF pic.twitter.com/4SRAnzdlbf — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In a major blow to the prospects of the Blues not only tonight, but also over the coming weeks, however, one of the aforementioned trio, in the form of Mount, has since been forced off with an injury. A first-half challenge on the part of former Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin saw the Frenchman follow through onto Mount’s ankle in nasty fashion: Coquelin given yellow for this. ridiculous from him, should be off. pic.twitter.com/HE00yYxOkR — amadí (@amadoit__) September 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Coquelin escaped the situation with just a caution, with Mount having initially managed to get back to his feet to continue his Champions League bow. However, the pain soon proved too much, with the 20-year-old having limped off to be replaced by Pedro: Having struggled since Coquelin’s awful challenge, Mason Mount’s evening has come to an end. The young Blue makes way for Pedro. 🔵 0-0 ⚪️ [15′] #CHEVCF pic.twitter.com/KGzn8stvRs — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Valencia live streaming: Watch Online & Confirmed Line-Ups Kepa on how Chelsea’s style has changed this season Source: Great Goals Is Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham injured? After a hat-trick at Wolves on Saturday, some are fearing that Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham is injured. Those fears have sprung up after the official Fantasy Premier League game put an alert on the Chelsea forward. On Sunday, the following message has been displayed… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Valencia Chelsea are set to take on Valencia on Tuesday evening in Frank Lampard’s first Champions League tie as Blues boss. Chelsea have been drawn in Group H of the CL along with Valencia, last year’s semi-finalists Ajax and Ligue 1 outfit, Lille. The Premier League side head… September 17, 2019 In "Sports" Wolves 2 – Chelsea 5 Watford and Wolves are still winless in the Premier League this season. Wolves slumped to a terrible 5-2 home defeat to Chelsea last weekend. A long-range stunner from Fikayo Tomori opened the floodgates for the Pensioners. Tammy Abraham scored twice in 7 minutes to hand… September 16, 2019 In "Sports"