Former Liverpool starlet Bobby Duncan yesterday got his Fiorentina career off to the ideal start, with a goal-scoring debut for the Viola’s Primavera side. Duncan, an 18-year-old forward, only made the move to Anfield from Premier League rivals Manchester City last summer, amid an apparent contract dispute with the Citizens. Despite being widely-regarded as one of the finest young talents on the books of Liverpool, though, rumours had begun to mount over the summer that the teen was set for an imminent Reds departure, just over a year on from his arrival. This came after agent Saif Rubie controversially took to social media, to claim that Duncan was being forced to remain at the club against his will, even going as far as to accuse the European champions of ‘bullying’ his client. Liverpool quickly rejected Rubie’s ‘unfounded’ claims, but the damage had long been done. As such, it came as little surprise when Duncan’s Anfield exit was made official two weeks ago, with the gifted teen having put pen-to-paper on a deal with Serie A outfit Fiorentina: Over the line! Really happy to sign for @ACFFiorentina, and even more excited to get started! Can’t wait to play in front of all the fans and experience the Italian culture. Thanks to all the fans for the messages!! 💜 #ForzaViola pic.twitter.com/4EeiHUCBxa — Bobby Duncan (@bobbyduncan999) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Duncan has since been instilled into Fiore’s youth setup, having no doubt been deemed too inexperienced to yet be handed his debut in the Italian top-flight. If the teen’s first appearance at Primavera level is anything to go by, though, then Duncan could be in line for his Serie A bow sooner than expected. In a meeting with Bologna yesterday afternoon, the former Liverpool man notched a brace, en route to a 6-3 win. Duncan, meanwhile, has since taken to social media to celebrate his first pair of goals in Fiorentina’s colours: Happy to score my first goals for the club today and even greater to catch up with Mr Commisso after the game. Looking forward to giving my all for the club. #forzaviola💜 A post shared by  Bobby Duncan (@bobbyduncan) on Sep 15, 2019 at 11:31am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Jurgen Klopp provides clarification on agent’s comments that weather could lead to Liverpool exit Andy Robertson included in Liverpool squad for Napoli, despite missing training Source: Great Goals An intermediary who oversaw Bobby Duncan’s transfer from Liverpool to Fiorentina has today revealed that Manchester United previously ‘insisted’ on securing a deal for the youngster. Liverpool exit Duncan, an 18-year-old forward, only made the move to Anfield from Premier League rivals Manchester City last summer, amid an apparent contract… September 5, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool will not budge on their stance over Ryan Kent and the winger will not be allowed to join Rangers on loan. Reports in Scotland suggested the 22-year-old, whose solitary first-team appearance for the Reds came in an FA Cup tie in January 2016, was prepared to try to force… August 21, 2019 In "News" Liverpool winger, Bobby Adekanye, is set to be unveiled as a Lazio player after winning the Champions League over the weekend. The 20-year-old Nigerian-born forward rejected a new three-year deal from Liverpool and will leave the Reds as a free agent this summer. Adekanye opted not to renew his contract… June 3, 2019 In "Gists"