Leicester would play host to Tottenham in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Foxes headed into the tie in 6th place after winning two, drawing one and losing one in their five PL games this campaign. A win for Brendan Rodgers’ side could have seen them move as high as second spot, for a few hours at least. Tottenham, on the other hand, started the day two places above Leicester due to their superior goal difference. Heading into the game the most notable omission from Tottenham’s starting line-up was Hugo Lloris. #THFC: Gazzaniga, Aurier, Alderweireld, Vertonghen, Rose, Winks, Sissoko, Ndombele, Lamela, Son, Kane (C). Latest odds from @WilliamHill (18+)https://t.co/MXaAmtlPLX#THFC ⚪️ #COYS pic.twitter.com/nLMngnyZl9 — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Lloris missed the Leicester clash due to his wife giving birth. Hugo Lloris misses today’s game due to his wife giving birth.#THFC #COYS pic.twitter.com/DJXyO79kKd — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester’s starting line-up was quite similar to the XI Rodgers usually opts for. A busy opening few minutes as Barnes went close for #lcfc before Son shot wide for Spurs and Schmeichel saved from Kane. How we’re shaping up #LeiTot pic.twitter.com/K9bX5iqjvf — Leicester City (@LCFC) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Foxes would take the lead inside 16 minutes but it was rightly ruled out by VAR. It would be Spurs who eventually took the lead in the 29th minute via Harry Kane. Harry Kane that is absolutely magnificent! Spurs take the lead thanks to their number 10… An astonishing touch and finish while off-balance pic.twitter.com/zwvXNnlTLh — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Leicester would pull one back in the 69th minute through Ricardo Pereira before adding a second in the 84th minute to claim all three points. The King Power erupts! Moments after Spurs had a goal ruled out by VAR, up pops Ricardo Pereira to pull Leicester level pic.twitter.com/vWqP7XTp95 — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) September 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Here are three key talking points from the game. VAR has been introduced into the Premier League for the 2019/20 Premier League season. While we are not too far into the campaign, VAR has already been a talking point on several occasions. VAR would once again be used a couple of times in the Leicester vs Spurs clash. The first instance of which was saw Leicester have a goal ruled out. Youri Tielemans forced Gazzaniga to spill the ball and after a goal-line scramble, it would be stabbed in by Wilfred Ndidi. However, after a VAR  check, the goal was ruled out as Ayoze Perez was adjudged to have been offside when Tielemans took his shot. That was the correct call and while the Leicester fans in the stadium were not too impressed, it was a good call from VAR. Shortly after Moussa Sissoko would put in a rather strong tackle on James Maddison. Paul Tierney, today’s referee, would award Sissoko a yellow card which after seeing a replay, looked pretty fair. Once again, Leicester fans in the stadium were not happy and began to chant ‘VAR’. But VAR was not used to overturn the decision this time around. Tottenham would then feel the effects of VAR when Serge Aurier had his goal ruled out after Heung-Min Son was rightly adjudged to have been offside in the build-up to the goal. A view of the VAR system pitch side during the Premier League match at Molineux, Wolverhampton. (Photo by Nick Potts/PA Images via Getty Images) Heading into the Leicester game, Tottenham had a very awful record they will no doubt have been keen to get rid of. Spurs away form in 2019 has been quite frankly, awful. In Premier League games, prior to the Leicester game, Spurs had gone just over eight months without picking up three points away from home. The last time Mauricio Pochettino’s side had won a PL clash away from home was January 20th, 2019 vs Fulham. Fulham, of course, have now been relegated from the Premier League. Spurs would only just win that game as well, coming away with a 2-1 victory. But after the Leicester game Spurs are still waiting to end that very poor run of PL clashes without an away win. If Tottenham do want to progress as a team and challenge the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City, that away record must improve. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 03: Mauricio Pochettino, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur looks on during the Group B match of the UEFA Champions League between Tottenham Hotspur and FC Barcelona at Wembley Stadium on October 3, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) Ever since their title-winning season, Leicester have not managed to finish in the Premier League top six. Could the 2019/20 campaign finally see the Foxes back in those European places? While Liverpool and Manchester City are pretty much nailed on for those top spots, Tottenham, Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United are all capable of sliding down the table a bit. Wolves would be the side closest to the top six in 2018/19. But the way Brendan Rodgers’ side have started this season, they could well challenge for 6th place this time around. After the Spurs game, Leicester have, for the time being, moved into second place in the Premier League. While Leicester are unlikely to remain second, their form and being able to beat a side of Spurs quality shows they could well be challenging the likes of United and Chelsea for their spots in 2019/20. See also: Newcastle vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Brighton and Hove Albion live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Tottenham take on Leicester Tottenham traveled to 6th place Leicester City in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs last PL outing saw them smash Crystal Palace 4-0. However, since then, Spurs blew a two-goal lead vs Olympiacos in the Champions League on Wednesday. Mauricio Pochettino’s side started the day in… September 21, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham’s start to the 2019/20 season Tottenham have not had the best start to the 2019/20 campaign. With four Premier League games played Spurs are down in 9th spot with just five points. Granted, Tottenham have had to play Manchester City and Arsenal already, drawing both of those fixtures. However,… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" By Adeboye Amosu: Nigeria international Wilfred Ndidi put up a fine performance as Leicester City defeated Tottenham Hotspur 2-1 in their English Premier League fixture on Tuesday. Ndidi who was on from start to finish in the highly entertaining encounter provided the assist for his team’ second goal scored by… November 28, 2017 In "Sports"