Javi Gracia would guide Watford to an 11th place finish in the Premier League last season. Gracia also got the Hornets to the 2019 FA Cup final, which they lost to Manchester City. Despite the pretty decent 2018/19, Watford had a horrible start to this campaign. After four games of the PL season, they were bottom of the table and yet to win a game. As a result, Watford would sack Gracia last Saturday and replace him with former manager, Quique Sanchez Flores. Sky Sports News have now provided two reasons as to why Watford sacked Gracia four games into the new season. According to Sky, Watford let Gracia go due to Watford’s poor defence, which had not kept a clean sheet since February and because he was reluctant to play their new signings: Watford sacked Javi Gracia because he was unable to fix their leaky defence and reluctant to play several new signings, Sky Sports News understands. WATFORD, ENGLAND – AUGUST 10: Gerard Deulofeu of Watford runs with the ball away from Davy Propper of Brighton and Hove Albion during the Premier League match between Watford FC and Brighton & Hove Albion at Vicarage Road on August 10, 2019 in Watford, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jordan Mansfield/Getty Images) Flores’ first game back as Watford boss will likely be a tough test. Watford will host Unai Emery’s Arsenal in Sunday’s late Premier League kick-off. Arsenal have had a decent start to this campaign and started the weekend  5th in the Premier League. They have won two, drawn one and lost one with the draw and loss coming against Tottenham and Liverpool. The Gunners will, however, be without Alexandre Lacazette on Sunday as he is likely to be out until October. We’ve got a team news update on @LacazetteAlex — Arsenal (@Arsenal) September 13, 2019 See also: Norwich vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Source: Great Goals What are Watford doing? Have Watford panicked? It’s been a difficult start to the Premier League for the Hornets. Watford and Wolves are the only two clubs in the top flight without a win this season. Indeed, Watford are bottom of the standings with one point from four games. That… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Quique Sanchez Flores & Watford Last weekend, the first Premier League sacking of the season occurred at Watford. Javi Gracia, months after agreeing a four-and-a-half year deal with the Hornets, was fired. Watford moved quickly to announce the re-appointment of Quique Sanchez Flores at Vicarage Road. Flores left the Hornets… September 9, 2019 In "Sports" Now-former Watford manager Javi Gracia has today taken to social media, to react to his sacking yesterday evening. Watford’s woes On the back of an impressive campaign last time out, during which they battled for a Europa League berth, and made it all the way to the FA Cup final,… September 8, 2019 In "Sports"