Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe this evening provided an update on his squad, ahead of getting their League Cup campaign underway tomorrow night. The Cherries are set to travel to the Pirelli Stadium in a little over 24 hours’ time, for a meeting with League One outfit Burton Albion. Bournemouth will head into the clash having put a shaky start to the campaign firmly behind them over the last fortnight. After first putting Everton to the sword by 3 goals to 1 two weeks ago, Eddie Howe’s men racked up another 3-1 win this past weekend, versus Southampton at St. Mary’s. Bournemouth’s upcoming opponents, Burton, on the other hand, are winless in their last 3 league outings. The latest of these saw Nigel Clough’s men fall to a 2-1 defeat at Tranmere on Saturday. As such, speaking in anticipation of his side’s meeting with Burton, Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe was this evening drawn on the latest Cherries team news. Speaking to the media, there was a particular emphasis on the potential returns of a trio of sidelined stars, in the form of Arnaut Danjuma, Simon Francis and Lloyd Kelly. And, in a major boost to his side’s prospects not only tomorrow night, but moving forward, Howe confirmed that all 3 are in line to make returns to the pitch versus Burton: Howe on the possible return of Danjuma, Francis and Kelly in the @Carabao_Cup on Wednesday. “Yeah, they all could be involved, I think we’ll wait and see before naming the squad. We’ve got a couple of injuries from Friday night, hopefully nothing too serious, so we’ll see.” #AFCB — Ben Dinnery (@BenDinnery) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Howe continued: ‘Can you elaborate further on those injury doubts?’ Howe: ‘Ermm no. The usual concerns you have after a game. I’ve always said physically [the games] are very demanding, so when you get a three-game week, we have to manage certain players.” https://t.co/CMWNXmdOWH — Ben Dinnery (@BenDinnery) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Updates on Liverpool pair Alisson & Naby Keita ahead of MK Dons Manchester United confirm early team news for Arsenal Source: Great Goals