Former Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has ruled himself out of playing in his own testimonial after suffering a hamstring injury. Kompany ended his Man City tenure during the summer, having spent 11 hugely successful years at the club. During his spell at the Etihad, Kompany played 360 games, scoring 20 goals and assisting 11. He returned to his native Belgium during the off-season, where he took over boyhood club Anderlecht as a player-manager. He returned to England this week to take part in his Manchester City testimonial against a Premier League All-Stars team, but there’s been some very unfortunate news ahead of the game. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – MAY 06: Vincent Kompany of Manchester City celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal with Bernardo Silva of Manchester City during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Leicester City at Etihad Stadium on May 06, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matt McNulty – Manchester City/Man City via Getty Images) Vincent Kompany has ruled himself out of his own testimonial game due to a hamstring injury. The Belgian struggled with injury for much of his Man City career, spending a lot of time on the sidelines. Speaking in a press conference ahead of the clash, Kompany explained he has a slight hamstring injury, and he simply couldn’t risk playing. “Unfortunately I won’t be starting tonight or playing,” Kompany revealed to the press. “It’s typical of me, right? I’m usually just there for the end of the season. “It is typical of me isn’t it…” Vincent Kompany confirms he will miss his own testimonial tonight through injury Full story: https://t.co/hTKNx16NAQ pic.twitter.com/4NaXW8A8sB — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) September 11, 2019 “I’ve got a slight hamstring injury. I couldn’t risk it tonight. “We’ve got plenty of awesome players to be watching today and in many ways it is about a celebration to say goodbye, it doesn’t need to be on the pitch as such. “In the same way, we are doing it for an unbelievable cause. That takes priority. “I’ll be there for David Silva and Kun Aguero’s testimonials.”   We don’t believe the hype, we don’t believe the drama. We believe in the process. We continuously produce good football, with a very (!) young but talented squad. However, no results, so no excuses. Now there’s nothing else to do but work even harder. A win will follow. More motivated than ever, to help this team and beautiful club achieve, whilst never compromising our values. #InYouthWeTrust A post shared by  Vincent Kompany (@vincentkompany) on Aug 23, 2019 at 4:11pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Back at Manchester City, there’s actually been some pretty positive injury news. Both Gabriel Jesus and Benjamin Mendy look to be closing in on their returns from injury. Click here to find out whether they could make the Norwich game. Source: Great Goals Manchester City's Argentinian striker Sergio Aguero (C) celebrates scoring the opening goal from the penalty spot, marking his 177th goal for the club, during the English Premier League football match between Manchester City and Burnley at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester, north west England, on October 21, 2017. Oli SCARFF… November 25, 2017 In "News" Pep Guardiola spent the day golfing. Raheem Sterling was relaxing on his sofa. Vincent Kompany, trailed by the cameras of Manchester City’s in-house television station, was with his family. Guardiola and his team had hoped, of course, to win a third championship in seven years in rather more satisfying circumstances:… April 16, 2018 In "News" Manchester City‏ manager Pep Guardiola has stated that Sergio Aguero is ready to return to action against Burnley in the English Premier League on Saturday. He however added that captain Vincent Kompany is still out with a calf strain. Aguero returned to Manchester City training last week after suffering injury… October 20, 2017 In "Sports"