Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Braut Haaland has teased a potential move to the Premier League in the future after a stunning start to the season. In just 10 games across all competitions, Haaland has scored a sensational 17 goals. He’s also got an impressive five assists. He made headlines in the last round of Champions League games too, when he scored a hat-trick on his Champions League debut. The 19-year-old scored the three goals against Belgian side Genk in a 6-2 for Salzburg. Only Raul and Wayne Rooney have managed to do that in the history of the competition. That’s clearly put him on the map, and he’s already been talking about his aspirations. Safe to say, he’s got the Premier League firmly in his sights. Erling ist unter den letzten 40 Nominierten für den Golden Boy 2019 Award! #WirSindZukunft A post shared by  FC Red Bull Salzburg (@fcredbullsalzburg) on Sep 24, 2019 at 1:48pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Speaking about former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjær, Haaland claimed his countryman has had a huge impact on his life. “He has had a huge impact on my life, both as a person and as a trainer,” He explained to TV2, as cited by the Mirror. “He won the Champions League and was an incredibly good player. He has taught me a lot.” As a result, Haaland has suggested that he could follow in the footsteps of Solskjær and move to the Premier League. “I have dreamed of playing for the best clubs in the world my whole life, and I especially like English football,” he continued. Safe to say, Manchester United boss Solskjær will be keeping an eye on his countryman. Who knows, a move to Old Trafford could even be on the cards for Haaland if he continues to impress. Learning from the best @iamzlatanibrahimovic A post shared by  Erling Braut Haaland (@erling.haaland) on Sep 18, 2019 at 2:46am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Erling Braut Haaland has had an interesting history. Not only did he once score nine goals in one game, he has an ambitious Leeds dream. Click here to see what that is. Source: Great Goals Erling Braut Haaland lights up the Champions League Tuesday was an unforgettable night for 19-year-old Erling Braut Haaland. Playing in the Champions League for the first time, Haaland scored a first-half hat-trick for RB Salzburg. Haaland is now the third teenager to score a hat-trick on their Champions League debut.… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" RB Salzburg starlet Erling Haaland has today been rewarded for his superb Champions League bow during the week. Salzburg run riot Austrian giants Salzburg made their first appearance in the group stages of European club football’s top-tier competition for 25 years on Tuesday night. Jesse Marsch’s men welcomed Belgian outfit… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" RB Salzburg starlet Erling Haaland has today been rewarded for his superb Champions League bow during the week. Salzburg run riot Austrian giants Salzburg made their first appearance in the group stages of European club football’s top-tier competition for 25 years on Tuesday night. Jesse Marsch’s men welcomed Belgian outfit… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"