CHICAGO, ILLINOIS – JUNE 26: R&B singer R. Kelly (C) arrives at the Leighton Criminal Courts Building for a hearing on June 26, 2019 in Chicago, Illinois. Kelly is facing several counts of aggravated sexual abuse. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) According to TMZ, R. Kelly will be going back to court for a second trial in order to get out of jail pending his various trials alleging his health has been compromised behind bars. In a new legal document filed by R. Kelly’s Lawyer, Steve Greenberg, it outlines his various medical issues, including numbness in one of his hands, anxiety and an untreated hernia. Greenberg stated the singer is not receiving enough medical attention in the facility and calls the conditions of his detention “stifling.” “Although he lives and has lived with two lady friends, only one of them is allowed to be on his visiting list, and after 90 days he’s required to switch,” Greenberg said. The document assured the judge nothing untoward will happen if R. Kelly gets out. His lawyers vow the singer will not interfere with or intimidate witnesses. They also claim R. Kelly is not a flight risk … he has a passport which does not contain a single stamp showing travel, because he doesn’t really go outside the U.S. The post R. Kelly Wants to Leave Jail Due to His Failing Health appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija CHICAGO, ILLINOIS – JUNE 26: R&B singer R. Kelly (C) arrives at the Leighton Criminal Courts Building for a hearing on June 26, 2019 in Chicago, Illinois. Kelly is facing several counts of aggravated sexual abuse. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) According to TMZ, R. Kelly will be going back to court for a second trial in order to get out of jail pending his various trials alleging his health has been compromised behind bars. In a new legal document filed by R. Kelly’s Lawyer, Steve Greenberg, it outlines his various medical issues, including numbness in one of his hands, anxiety and an untreated hernia. Greenberg stated the singer is not receiving enough medical attention in the facility and calls the conditions of his detention “stifling.” “Although he lives and has lived with two lady friends, only one of them is allowed to be on his visiting list, and after 90 days he’s required to switch,” Greenberg said. The document assured the judge nothing untoward will happen if R. Kelly gets out. His lawyers vow the singer will not interfere with or intimidate witnesses. They also claim R. Kelly is not a flight risk … he has a passport which does not contain a single stamp showing travel, because he doesn’t really go outside the U.S. The post R. Kelly Wants to Leave Jail Due to His Failing Health appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija