 Are you a skincare enthusiast or beauty influencer? Do you love recommending products that work for people? Well, here’s your chance to do what you love and make money while at it. Monetize your passion and become L’Avyanna Skin Distributor. L’avyanna is offering you the chance to join their international network and earn added income, juicy rewards, and amazing package deals. L’Avyanna offers 4 different stockist packages tailored to suit any individual or business.  You get: To become a freelance distributor is as simple as 123! Send an email to support@lavyanna.com to register with“FREELANCE DISTRIBUTOR” as the subject of the email. Follow the instructions, start selling the “magic every woman needs”. Have more questions? Reach out to us via Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter You can also send us an email here   —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post Are you a Skincare Enthusiast or Beauty Influencer? Register for the L’Avyanna Distribution Scheme & Earn Extra Cash appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Beauty enthusiasts, we are extremely proud to present the first beauty reviews website in Nigeria to you. This website has been created for the keen eyes of beauty lovers to leave honest reviews in relation to skincare products, makeup products, makeup artists, spa and aesthetics services, hair care products, beauty… August 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Our theme for June on BellaNaija Style was “Summer Glowgenda” – A.K.A an agenda for your summer glow up. As rightfully stated by our Editor-at-Large, while this usually means a superficial ‘upgrade’  in your physical appearance, we decided to delve deeper and look into a glow up for it all… July 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Many undergraduates are told that NYSC posting – National Youth Service Corps comes immediately after school. If you are lucky you will probably spend only a few months waiting for your NYSC call-up letter. However, a large pool of graduates spends a significant amount of time waiting to be posted. Typically, this time is spent doing nothing particularly… September 22, 2017 In "Finance"