David De Gea has reportedly put pen to paper on a new Manchester United contract after several transfer rumours surrounding his future. The Spaniard has been an incredibly important player for Man United since signing from Atletico Madrid. De Gea struggled initially with the pressure of the Premier League, but slowly grew into one of the best goalkeepers in world football. Though, that progression has brought many transfer rumours with it. For the majority of his Manchester United career, David De Gea has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. A move looked certain back in the summer of 2015, but an administrative error meant a deal fell through at the last second. With his current contract set to expire next summer, there have been even more rumours recently. With his contract running down, De Gea would have been able to negotiate a pre-agreement with any club in January ahead of a free transfer in the summer. Now, after much speculation, it looks as though De Gea is going nowhere. LONDON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 13: David De Gea of Manchester United celebrates victory after the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester United at Wembley Stadium on January 13, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) According to Manchester United reporter Duncan Castles, De Gea has signed his new contract. In a report with the Daily Record, Castles explains that the deal is for five years and is ‘worth over €15million net per season, according to sources familiar with the negotiations.’ Castles also reveals that there is an option for Manchester United to extend his contract by a year, making it six in total. According to the report, ‘Juventus, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid were ranked amongst the player’s suitors.’ Though, thankfully for Manchester United and their fans, De Gea will be going nowhere next summer. A post shared by  David De Gea (@d_degeaofficial) on Aug 15, 2019 at 8:12am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One big player who could be on his way out of Man United next summer is Paul Pogba. According to reports, he’s on Real Madrid’s shopping list for next summer. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals As per a report from the Guardian, David De Gea looks set to put an end to the speculation surrounding his future imminently, by putting pen-to-paper on a new contract with Manchester United. De Gea’s rise to stardom 28-year-old shot-stopper David De Gea made the move to Old Trafford from… September 9, 2019 In "Sports" Man United closing in on new De Gea contract Manchester United are reportedly ‘on the brink’ of tying goalkeeper David De Gea down to a new contract with his current deal set to expire next summer. De Gea has been a stalwart for Man United for the past eight years… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" David De Gea still hasn’t agreed a new Man United contract Back in July, the Telegraph seemed to claim it was a done deal. Reporter James Ducker previously suggested that David De Gea had agreed to sign a contract extension at Man United. Turning the clock back a few months,… September 8, 2019 In "Sports"