It’s not breaking news that Roy Keane isn’t a fan of Sir Alex Ferguson. The former Manchester United manager and Manchester United captain have bad-mouthed one another regularly since leaving the club. Examples of former statements from the feuding duo are below. Ireland’s Off The Ball have interviewed Roy Keane this week, and Keane’s used the opportunity to launch another attack of Ferguson’s Man United legacy. For the record, Fergie spent 26 years at the helm at Old Trafford. During that time he collected 38 trophies, which included 13 league titles. Man United also won the Champions League twice under his reign, plus five FA Cups and four League Cups. Yet, Keane doesn’t believe the Scottish icon always acted in the best interests of the club: People talk about Ferguson’s man-management. Don’t be kidded on by all of it. I was at the club when Bryan Robson left, when Steve Bruce left, two brilliant servants for Manchester United, and I didn’t like the way they were treated. I didn’t leave the office that day thinking this was the end of my career at Manchester United, but if you think I’m going to sit there, I don’t care if its Alex Ferguson or the Pope … I’m going to fight my corner. Ferguson came out afterwards and said he always did what was best by Manchester United. Nonsense. "Ferguson came out afterwards and said he always did what was best by #ManchesterUnited – Nonsense." Roy Keane discussed the former #MUFC boss Alex Ferguson with OTB | #OTBCadbury @CadburyIrelandhttps://t.co/lkFRaHvt2q — Off The Ball (@offtheball) September 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Keane also got a little personal. The former Irish international coach intimated that Sir Alex was guilty of nepotism: His son Darren played for the club and won a league medal. [He was] very lucky. [Alex Ferguson’s] brother was the chief scout for Manchester United for a long time. I’m surprised his wife wasn’t involved in the staff somewhere. Also see: Man United’s Victor Lindelof boycotts the Swedish media. Man City lose Aymeric Laporte for at least 23 matches but Pep Guardiola isn’t planning to sign a new centre-half. Source: Great Goals