The FA have confirmed that Jesse Lingard has been forced to pull out of the England squad, ahead of their meeting with Bulgaria. Gareth Southgate’s men are set for a pair of Euro qualifiers over the coming days, starting tonight. The Three Lions will first take on Bulgaria at Wembley, in less than an hour’s time. England will then welcome surprise group leaders Kosovo to London on Tuesday, after the minnows put the Czech Republic to the sword by 2 goals to 1 earlier today. Group A of Euro qualifying: England – 4th in the world
Czech Republic – 43rd in the world
Montenegro – 55th in the world
Bulgaria – 60th in the world Kosovo are ranked 120th in the world, yet lead the group with an unbeaten record. What a team. pic.twitter.com/M1vs43EmIT — bet365 (@bet365) September 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One of England’s stars who will not be in action as the favourites to top Group A return to the pitch this evening, though, is Jesse Lingard. Gareth Southgate’s starting XI to take on Bulgaria was announced a short time ago, with several surprises, including Trent Alexander-Arnold being left out, and Danny Rose earning a start. The team is in! Here’s how the #ThreeLions will line up for today’s #EURO2020 qualifier against Bulgaria. pic.twitter.com/LhG9DFUeav — England (@England) September 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Another exclusion not only from the Three Lions’ starting line-up, but their matchday squad altogether, meanwhile, was Jesse Lingard. As since confirmed a short time ago, though, the Manchester United midfielder has come down with a bout of illness. As such, Lingard has been forced to return to his club: #ThreeLions midfielder @JesseLingard has returned to his club through illness. Get well soon, Jesse! 👊 pic.twitter.com/ixB5MWgvdU — England (@England) September 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Fabio Capello on new Inter pair: Romelu Lukaku ‘not world class’/Alexis Sanchez ‘can make the difference’ Brazilian legend Rivaldo congratulates Liverpool’s Firmino on 50-goal PL haul/Confirms he rejected Man United Source: Great Goals England vs Bulgaria England are set to take on Bulgaria on Saturday the 7th of September in their first Euro 2020 qualifier of the 2019/20 campaign. The last time England played was against Switzerland in the Nations League third-place play-off match, which Gareth Southgate’s side won on penalties. England head… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" England’s upcoming fixtures England are set to take on Bulgaria on Saturday the 7th of September in their first Euro 2020 qualifier match of the new season. The Three Lions are currently top of Group A on six points, winning two out of two. England’s group is made up of… September 3, 2019 In "Sports" Â    The qualification tournament for UEFA Euro 2020 begins this week, with 55 teams (including first-timers Kosovo) battling for 24 berths in the tournament finals. The action gotÂ underway on Thursday 21 March, where the pick of the games comes from Group I and sees Belgium host Russia at the… March 22, 2019 In "News"