Aston Villa play host to West Ham United on Monday evening in the final Premier League tie of week five of the 2019/20 PL season. Villa started the weekend in 18th place with three points after winning one and losing three of their first four PL games this campaign. West Ham, on the other hand, head into the weekend’s action in 7th place. The Hammers have had a solid start to the season winning two, drawing one and losing one with that loss coming against Manchester City. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 01: Manuel Pellegrini, Manager of West Ham United looks on prior to the Premier League match between West Ham United and Wolverhampton Wanderers at London Stadium on September 1, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Stephen Pond/Getty Images) Ahead of the clash with West Ham, Villa boss Dean Smith has provided an update on two of his players. Smith confirmed that Jonathan Kodjia has fractured one of his cheekbones in a training ground incident. Smith stated that the forward will be out for two-three weeks: “Jonathan has fractured a cheekbone on the training ground.  He just clashed heads with Marvelous in a non-competitive part of training. “We thought it was fine but they picked up a fracture at the hospital and he’s had an operation which means he will be out for two-three weeks. “He will come back initially non-contact and then we will have to see how he goes. “We have seen a few of these injuries where masks are worn so we will certainly be looking at that longer down the line.” As quoted by Aston Villa’s official website. When speaking about James Chester, Smith confirmed that the defender is back in training after suffering from a hamstring problem in pre-season: “He felt a hamstring in pre-season and it’s been a niggling one. “But he’s back in training now and it’s a boost for all of us. He has Premier League experience and a lot of experience in the dressing room, too.” As quoted by Aston Villa’s official website. Dean Smith: “We’re tough to beat but we haven’t played as well as we can. There’s a lot more to come. We have shown glimpses of what we can do.” . #PL #AVFC A post shared by  Aston Villa FC (@avfcofficial) on Sep 14, 2019 at 12:26am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Norwich vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Aston Villa vs West Ham Round five of the Premier League ends on Monday night at Villa Park. Will Villa end the round in the relegation places? After for games this season, Dean Smith’s side are third-bottom of the standings. A 1-0 defeat at Crystal Palace before the international break… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" Antonio injured West Ham took on Newport County on August 27th in the League Cup. The Hammers would come away with a 2-0 victory. However, they did suffer one big blow during the game as Michail Antonio had to be withdrawn in the first half with an injury problem. Sky… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" Premier League club West Ham have announced the sacking of Slaven Bilic following the club’s recent poor run. The London club made the announcement on their official website on Monday. A statement on the club’s website reads: “West Ham United can confirm that Slaven Bilic has today left his position… November 6, 2017 In "Sports"