The agent of Roma starlet Nicolo Zaniolo has today confirmed that Tottenham expressed a ‘great interest’ in his client over the summer. Zaniolo, a 20-year-old attacking midfielder, made the move to the Stadio Olimpico last summer, as part of the deal that saw Radja Nainggolan join Inter Milan. The agreement also saw Roma pocket 24 million Euro and Davide Santon. And to say that the subsequent campaign saw the Giallorossi emerge with the better of the surprise deal would be something of an understatement. Amid Nainggolan’s struggles for consistency in Milan (since joined Cagliari on loan), Zaniolo has absolutely flourished in the Italian capital, establishing himself as one of, if not the most highly-regarded young player in his home country. The youngster’s technical ability, poise on the ball, creative flair and eye for goal, all packaged in a 6ft 3in frame, have come together in Rome to present Zaniolo as a potential world-beater in the making. VERONA, ITALY – FEBRUARY 08: Nicolò Zaniolo of AS Roma looks on during the Serie A match between Chievo Verona and AS Roma at Stadio Marc’Antonio Bentegodi on February 8, 2019 in Verona, Italy. (Photo by Alessandro Sabattini/Getty Images) Across all competitions in 2018/19, the youngster notched 6 goals and 2 assists. As such, Zaniolo’s breakthrough inevitably resulted in the now twice-capped Italian international catching the eye of a number of European giants. This past summer saw both Juventus and Real Madrid named as keen admirers of Zaniolo’s talents. The outfit most persistently-touted as a potential destination, though, somewhat surprisingly, were Tottenham. Nicolo Schira of the Gazzetta dello Sport long-pushed the suggestion that Spurs were eyeing Zaniolo’s signature, even going as far as to claim that a 50 million Euro bid was lodged on the part of the north Londoners back in April: #Tottenham is really interested in Nicolò #Zaniolo. #Spurs have offered €50M to #Roma, but Pallotta wouldn’t want to sell him. Talks ongoing between Daniel Levy and Franco Baldini. #transfers #THFC — Nicolò Schira (@NicoSchira) April 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And the youngster’s representative has today moved to confirm the summer interest of Tottenham. Speaking in an interview with the Daily Mail, Claudio Vigorelli was questioned on the heavy links between his client and Mauricio Pochettino’s outfit, with the agent having revealed that, before bringing in Giovani Lo Celso from Real Betis, Spurs expressed ‘great interest’ in Zaniolo: ‘He renewed with Roma and is fine at Roma. But obviously we enjoyed the great interest of Tottenham, who were the runners up in the Champions League.’ ‘Their concrete interest in him shows how good the boy’s season was. Spurs thought a lot about Nicolo before taking Lo Celso. They focused their attention on him seriously, more than any other club even beyond the Premier League.’ Vigorelli continued: ‘I can say that only Mauricio Pochettino’s club has carried out such in-depth market analysis in England.’ Man United to return for Paulo Dybala in January – Calciomercato Messi pips Ronaldo to top spot: FIFA 20’s Top 10-rated players revealed Source: Great Goals