 Burna Boy is just joining the conversation on Xenophobia and his starting point is towards South African rapper AKA who has shown little or no remorse for his remarks against Nigerians, rather he has gone on to insult attackers, calling them Google tells me this means “Your mother’s cunt” in Afrikaans. Typical AKA losing it yet again. You make it hard for anyone to see reason with you. Grow up. Think more. Talk less. https://t.co/gN9zYi2BPn — Ovie (@OvieO) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burna Boy has reacted to these acts, not just calling AKA for his comments but also threatened the South African artiste to not come to Nigeria. The afrofusion artiste who said he would’ve normally calmed the situation revealed this is not a situation he intends to calm especially with videos of South Africans killing Nigerians for no just cause. I have not set foot in SA since 2017. And I will NOT EVER go to South Africa again for any reason until the SOUTH AFRICAN government wakes the fuck up and really performs A miracle because I don’t know how they can even possibly fix this. — Burna Boy (@burnaboy) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But Today After watching the Killing of my people in South Africa the same way we have all watched it happen a few times in the past. FUCK ALL THAT! I personally have had my own xenophobic experiences at the hands of South Africans and because of that….. — Burna Boy (@burnaboy) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js I have not set foot in SA since 2017. And I will NOT EVER go to South Africa again for any reason until the SOUTH AFRICAN government wakes the fuck up and really performs A miracle because I don’t know how they can even possibly fix this. — Burna Boy (@burnaboy) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This goes against everything I stand 4, but at what point do we take action? I understand that years of Oppression has confused South Africans to the point where they see the pple who came to their defence during their Oppression as their Enemies and then worship their oppressors — Burna Boy (@burnaboy) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js He went further to react to MI’s statement made in defense of Aka. To MI, he expressed his respect but advised that MI threads carefully. And @MI_Abaga it’s Fuck @akaworldwide from now on. And if you down with him, it’s Fuck you too. I respect you too much, please Don’t throw my respect out the window cuz I swear you will fly out with it. — Burna Boy (@burnaboy) September 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Xenophobia: Burna Boy Comes For MI & AKA With Threats! appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Ycee The Xenophobic attack in South Africa has extended to the music industry as Nigerian singer Ycee calls out AKA for his statement about Nigeria during the African’s Cup of Nation which was considered to be insensitive and promotes the Xenophophic attitudes of his country, South Africa. Adding his voice… September 3, 2019 In "Music/Video" South African Rapper, AKA, took to his Twitter after the match between South Africa and Nigeria last night ended in 2-1, favouring Nigeria to make some comments Nigerians did not like. AKA said “We should have just lost to Egypt … rather than Nigeria.” Nigerians came after him for that… July 11, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian superstar, Burna Boy had an interesting chat on Tuesday, 13th of July, with South African TV host, Trevor Noah on one of the most popular TV shows in both America and the world, The Daily Show. This appearance is part of his promotional tour for his new album, African Giant… August 14, 2019 In "Music/Video"