 Kano state government has vowed to institute a legal action against the Rivers State Nyesom Wike over the demolition of Rainbow Town Central Mosque located at the Trans-Amadi Area of Port Harcourt. A press statement by Abba Anwar,  Chief Press Secretary to Ganduje  described the “sad story of Mosque demolition in Rivers state as shocking and promised that necessary lawful action must be taken over the happening. ” According to the statement, Ganduje would institute “legal action against this demolition of the Mosque as well contest it with appropriate authorities for redress” Anwar quoted his principal as saying: “We received this information with high degree of shock. And I am assuring the general public that, all necessary action against this demolition will be taken through appropriate authorities.” He therefore called on the public to remain calm and peaceful, as they were enjoined to and go about their normal businesses. Ganduje said: “As government, we have started touching appropriate quarters against the demolition. “Kano state is known for peaceful coexistence between Muslims and Christians, we should therefore improve on that and remain calm and peaceful. People should live peacefully with one another.”  Source: The Nation Despite the booing by the crowd, who shouted "Sai Baba," Kwankwaso kept waving to the crowd till he got to a waiting vehicle. A large crowd of people &apos;booed&apos; Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso with the shouts of “Sai Buhari” as the ex-governor left a mosque in Kaduna.The incident occurred on Friday,… August 10, 2018 In "News" Tribune Online Kano: Dangote, Fayemi broker peace between Ganduje, Emir Sanusi Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote and Ekiti State Governor Kayode Fayemi have broker peace between Governor Abdullahi Ganduje and the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II. To further ensure a healthy relationship between both institutions, Dangote, a business mogul… June 8, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Alleged 3.4bn fraud: Ganduje gives Emir of Kano 48 hours to answer query Consequent upon a submitted report which indicted the Kano Emirate Council of misappropriating a sum of N3.4 billion, the Kano State government has given the Emir of Kano Muhammad Sanusi II 48 hours to give… June 6, 2019 In "News"