As per a report from ESPN, Manchester United are preparing to open contract negotiations with Paul Pogba, in the hopes of tying the midfielder down to fresh terms. Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the Frenchman again proved himself to be one of the most infuriatingly-inconsistent players in world football, Pogba was heavily-targeted by the United faithful on the final day of the season: Pogba vs a Man Utd fan. Wow. pic.twitter.com/PqKhBoGwBo — Feroze Ali (@feroze17) May 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the growing tension between the 26-year-old and the Red Devils, coupled with Real Madrid’s public chase of a superstar midfield addition, resulted in Pogba being hotly-tipped to make a move to the Bernabeu. The former Juventus man’s agent, Mino Raiola, meanwhile, added fuel to the fire regarding a potential summer exit from Old Trafford for his client back in July, in admitting: ‘Everyone within the club from the manager to the owner knows Paul’s wishes.’ ‘Everyone knows the willingness of Paul to move on. We are in the process of that. Everyone knows what the feelings of Paul are.’ In the end, however, upon the European transfer deadline passing at the beginning of the month, Pogba remained a Manchester United player. And, as per the aforementioned report from ESPN this afternoon, the hierarchy at Old Trafford intend to take advantage of this situation by attempting to tie the Frenchman down for the foreseeable future. United have managed to agree fresh terms with key performers David De Gea and Victor Lindelof over recent weeks, with Pogba reportedly next up for contract talks. Despite having made his hopes of securing an exit clear over the summer, the Red Devils reportedly still view their midfield star as key to the direction of the club moving forward. As such, sit-down talks between Pogba, Mino Raiola and United’s board are planned for the coming weeks. ESPN add that Pogba himself has not ruled out signing a new deal. Arsenal & Man United youngsters named in Europa League Team of the Week Man United blow: Trio, including Paul Pogba, ruled out of West Ham trip/Daniel James also in doubt Source: Great Goals