Per Mertesacker spent the best part of seven years honing his craft with Arsenal. In that time Mertesacker racked up 221 appearances for the Gunners and also won the FA Cup and Community Shield. One of his teammates during his stint in North London was Mesut Ozil. Ozil made the switch from Real Madrid to Arsenal in 2013. Now, Mertesacker has recently spoken out about Ozil. The centre-back does label Ozil a genius but he goes on to state that he used to get ‘really p**ssed’ with the midfielder due to him being a different character: “He is a genius in terms of what he can produce with the ball, you can see that in every training session. “Once he gets the ball, he’s rested. He thinks he is playing in the park. He can deliver the ball that no one else can deliver. He has got that magical sense. “But he is not the kind of guy who approaches people and says, ‘You need to do this, that and that’. “He’s a different character and sometimes I struggled with that. Sometimes I was really p**sed with him for days and weeks. “But he delivered magic moments for us, moments when you thought he could go to another level.” As quoted by the Mirror. STANSTED, ESSEX – JULY 11: Sead Kolasinac and Mesut Ozil of Arsenal on the plane at at Stansted Airport on July 11, 2019 in Stansted, Essex. (Photo by David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) Arsenal are set to take on Watford this Sunday. Ozil has not featured for Arsenal in the league this season, making the bench in their last tie vs Tottenham. Heading into the game with Arsenal, Watford are dead bottom of the Premier League table. They are yet to win a league game this season and have earned just one point. However, Quique Sanchez Flores will once again be in the dugout for Watford on Sunday after Javi Gracia was sacked. Heading towards a #PremierLeague weekend like…⁠ ⁠ @lacazettealex: back in business ⁠ ⁠ #Lacazette #Arsenal #WATARS #EPL #AFC #Gunners #COYG A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Sep 11, 2019 at 8:30am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Sheffield United vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals