Former Liverpool star Jamie Carragher has suggested Raheem Sterling could the fill void at the top after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo eventually retire. Sterling’s rapid rise since bursting onto the scene at Liverpool has been well documented. Having joined Manchester City for big money back in 2015, Sterling has gone from strength to strength. Since arriving at the Etihad, Sterling has scored 75 goals and assisted 65. He’s also started the new season impressively, scoring six goals in five appearances across all competitions. That’s lead to some pretty high praise lately, with Gareth Southgate claiming he has the potential to be the best player in the world. Now, Jamie Carragher has backed that up on Friday. LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 10: Raheem Sterling of Manchester City holds the match ball as he applauds fans after the Premier League match between West Ham United and Manchester City at London Stadium on August 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Tom Flathers/Manchester City FC via Getty Images) In his Telegraph column, Carragher has claimed Sterling should be aiming to fill the post-Messi and Ronaldo void. He even went as far as comparing him to Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United, while tipping him to win a Ballon d’Or. “I have seen it written since the midweek internationals Sterling is England’s best player. He is much more than that,” Carragher explained. “He is now in the top five or six best attacking players in the world, in that group just below Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. +3 points is the most important thing A post shared by  Raheem Sterling x  (@sterling7) on Sep 10, 2019 at 3:26pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js “I wrote recently he and Sadio Mane are the best left-sided players out there. I now rate Sterling above Neymar. “His ambition, alongside Kylian Mbappe, should be to fill the post-Messi and Ronaldo void once they retire. He is a potential Ballon d’Or winner over the next four or five years, the current upward trajectory destined to make Sterling a global superstar. “I would go so far as to say there is a similarity with Cristiano Ronaldo’s development at Manchester United.” See also: Norwich vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As defending champions Manchester City kicked off their campaign away at West Ham United with a 5-0 thrashing of the hosts, it is newly introduced Video Assistant Referee (VAR) decisions that overshadow Raheem Sterling’s hat trick and a City side that won comfortably without even getting into second gear. City… August 10, 2019 In "News" Man City stars nominated The Premier League have recently released the six nominees for the Premier League Player of the Month for August. Manchester City dominate the nominations, having three of the six players from their club. The first of which is Sergio Aguero who has managed to bag himself… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Raheem Sterling has been told that improving his goalscoring record is the key to securing his long-term Manchester City future. Raheem Sterling has been told that improving his goalscoring record is the key to securing his long-term Manchester City future.Sterling could have moved to Arsenal in August as City tried… November 4, 2017 In "News"