Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has confirmed that N’Golo Kante will miss the clash with Wolves, but Antonio Rüdiger is fit to play. The Blues have had a mixed start to the season. Frank Lampard made his Premier League debut as Chelsea boss against Manchester United, losing 4-0. The Blues then drew with Leicester, though they could easily have lost the game. A win against Norwich followed, before a disappointing 2-2 draw with Sheffield United in their last outing. Defensive performances have been poor from the Blues, and Antonio Rüdiger’s absence could be why. N’Golo Kante has also struggled with injury this season. Now, one of those players will return to action while the other is set for another game on the sidelines. ISTANBUL, TURKEY – AUGUST 14: Andrew Robertson of Liverpool and Ngolo Kante of Chelsea during the UEFA Super Cup Final fixture between Liverpool and Chelsea at Vodafone Park on August 14, 2019 in Istanbul, Turkey. (Photo by Matthew Ashton – AMA/Getty Images) Starting off with Kante, the Frenchman has had a difficult start to the season. The Frenchman only played 17 minutes against Manchester United, before featuring against Liverpool in the Super Cup. He then featured for the full 90 minutes against Leicester, but hasn’t been seen since. Now, Lampard has an update. ‘N’Golo is not fit yet. He still has issues with his ankle. The medical team are working with him,’ Lampard confirmed, as quoted by the Mail. ‘He is in a transition period and we are trying to get him on the pitch. He is doing some physical work but this game comes too soon for him. ‘Hopefully, he is close. I don’t want to jump the gun because we are waiting for improvements for that final step to get him where we want him to be on the pitch. ‘Hopefully, that will be in the next week or so.’ La paire a changé mais le garçon qui court est toujours le même. The shoes have changed but the boy who runs is still the same. @adidasrunning #UltraBOOST A post shared by  N’Golo Kanté (@nglkante) on Aug 9, 2019 at 11:18am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One positive piece of news is that defender Antonio Rüdiger is available this weekend. Though, Lampard has not yet decided whether he will start. ‘Rudiger is fit to play,’ Lampard also confirmed. ‘That’s a choice for myself [whether he starts]. He will have an important role. I know he has been important for the club and team since he has been here. ‘I am certainly pleased to have him back.’ See also: Norwich vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals