In the Sun on Monday, readers come across an article regarding Kevin De Bruyne’s reaction to Saturday’s defeat at Norwich. The headline in the Sun reads as follows: History Repeated: Man City star De Bruyne sends warning to Liverpool: ‘We’ll catch you, just like last season’. There’s just one major problem with the Sun’s headline. KDB never said any of those seven words. Tomorrow’s back page: Tyson Fury claims he is ‘ready for war’ with Deontay Wilder – despite a horror cut leaving their rematch in danger. pic.twitter.com/UPnYY9f1Fd — Sun Sport (@SunSport) September 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Sun do actually report what De Bruyne said after the Norwich loss. Does the Belgian believe City can beat Liverpool to win the Premier League title? De Bruyne commented: We can still win with the same points at the end of this season. You don’t need to win by 15 points as it is the Premier League. It happened once. It is so tough and you want to finish first – it does not matter how you do it. Last season, we were seven points behind. It happens. Of course we want to win every game but it is difficult. The season never stops. It is our job and sometimes it is hard but you have to take it on the chin. Without struggle there is no progress A post shared by  Kevin De Bruyne (@kevindebruyne) on Sep 15, 2019 at 4:22am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Liverpool have a perfect record in the Premier League. The Reds have five wins from five matches. Liverpool are five points clear of Man City, who are second in the standings. Also see: Everything Liverpool fans need to know for Monday’s FIFA Club World Cup draw. Pep Guardiola jokes that Liverpool are champions after Norwich beat Man City. Source: Great Goals Manchester City midfielder, Kevin De Bruyne, has said they may only need 85 points to win the Premier League this season, despite requiring 98 to see off Liverpool in 2018/2019. Pep Guardiola’s side pipped the Reds to become champions with just one point, in one of the greatest title race… July 30, 2019 In "News" The Premier League has been back for just shy of one month now and along with it, Fantasy Premier League. We are four game weeks into the new PL season and are starting to get an idea about who the potential stars of the new season could be and who… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" The season so far The 2018/19 season was great for Premier League football both domestically and in Europe. At home, Manchester City and Liverpool pushed each other to their limits in the battle for the Premier League title. Liverpool earned a staggering 97 points. But it still wasn’t enough to… September 7, 2019 In "Sports"