Brighton have had a fairly average start to life under Graham Potter. The Seagulls would begin their Premier League season with a 3-0 drubbing of Watford. Since then though, Brighton have failed to win their proceeding five PL outings. Although, Brighton are 15th in the league with six points as they have drawn three of those games five games. Brighton must now travel to 11th place Chelsea on Saturday. While Chelsea’s attack has been solid this season, Brighton should take solace in the fact the Blues are yet to keep a clean sheet in a competitive game under Frank Lampard. Chelsea are also still going in search of their first PL win at Stamford Bridge under Lampard. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) Ahead of the Brighton tie, Graham Potter has provided an update on seven Brighton players. Potter began by stating that Shane Duffy is set for a scan and could be out for a number of weeks: “Shane [Duffy] is going for a scan to look at last night’s injury – it’s a calf injury that looks like it will be a number of weeks.” “Shane [Duffy] is going for a scan to look at last night’s injury – it’s a calf injury that looks like it will be a number of weeks.”#BHAFC pic.twitter.com/0kc1SeZV6W — Brighton & Hove Albion (@OfficialBHAFC) September 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Potter then spoke about six more players. According to Potter, Alireza Jahanbakhsh could be back for the weekend, Solly March is more likely to be fit to face Tottenham, Glen Murray and Neal Maupay are both fine and trained on Thursday, Bernardo is still recovering from a knock and Leandro Trossard is making good progress: “Jahanbakhsh may be back for the weekend, March is more likely for Tottenham. Murray is fine and trained today, as is Maupay. “Bernardo had a knock a few weeks ago that needs to settle down. “Trossard is also still making really good progress.” “Jahanbakhsh may be back for the weekend, March is more likely for Tottenham. Murray is fine and trained today, as is Maupay. “Bernardo had a knock a few weeks ago that needs to settle down. “Trossard is also still making really good progress.”#BHAFC pic.twitter.com/hbWc9L1wPx — Brighton & Hove Albion (@OfficialBHAFC) September 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Sheffield United vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction  Source: Great Goals Chelsea 7 – Grimsby 1 Chelsea have finally won their first home match of the season. However, the Blues failed to keep their first clean sheet of the season in a 7-1 win over Grimsby in the Carabao Cup. The Blues cruised to victory thanks to goal from Ross Barkley,… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Liverpool Chelsea and Liverpool are set to go head-to-head on Sunday for the second time this season. The first time the two sides faced off this campaign was for the European Super Cup with Liverpool eventually coming out on top. Liverpool head into this tie having won their… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Liverpool Chelsea and Liverpool are set to go head-to-head on Sunday for the second time this season. The first time the two sides faced off this campaign was for the European Super Cup with Liverpool eventually coming out on top. Liverpool head into this tie having won their… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"