On Wednesday, Man City posted an update on Aymeric Laporte. Laporte was injured in last weekend’s match against Bournemouth in the Premier League. Sadly for the French centre-half, he’s suffered a knee injury which has required surgery. Man City failed to outline a timeframe for when Laporte could return to action. 🚨Injury update on @Laporte… Everyone at City wishes Aymeric a full and speedy recovery. 🔵 #mancity pic.twitter.com/Ifmtd4CqHJ — Manchester City (@ManCity) September 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In the Times on Thursday, reporter Paul Hirst has clarified how long Laporte is likely to be out for: Aymeric Laporte will be out for at least four months with a knee injury. Laporte will miss at least 23 matches in total should he return at the earliest possibility in January. He will not be available for the entire Champions League group stage phase and the first Manchester derby of the season on December 7 as well as the fixtures against rivals Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal. Laporte's injury is not as bad as first feared, but he'll still be out until at least New Year, reports @hirstclass #MCFC https://t.co/p1d0odXEXu — Times Sport (@TimesSport) September 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One question which has been floating about is who will Pep Guardiola now favour at centre-half. Nicolas Otamendi appears to be the first choice starter. However, John Stones and Fernandinho can both fill in in the second slot. For Paul Hirst, Stones appears to have the edge over the Brazilian: Guardiola is hopeful that Otamendi and Stones will be able to cope with the demands placed upon them, and he is also planning to play Fernandinho at centre back this season. Stones, 25, missed the last three games because of a thigh injury but Guardiola expects him to have recovered in time for City’s next match against Norwich City on September 14. On a final point, the Times also report that Guardiola isn’t planning on signing a centre-half this January. No reason is given for Man City’s policy decision. After failing to replace Vincent Kompany, are City making a mistake? Also see: Chelsea’s Kepa Arrizabalaga explains his fallout with Maurizio Sarri vs Man City in the Carabao Cup final. Dejan Lovren opens up on Liverpool summer transfer saga. Source: Great Goals Man City confirm Aymeric Laporte knee operation On Wednesday, Manchester City have posted an update regarding Aymeric Laporte. Laporte suffered a knee injury during Man City’s Premier League match against Bournemouth last weekend. City have posted the following update on social media: Aymeric Laporte has undergone surgery on his knee… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City defender Aymeric Laporte has signed a two-year extension to his current contract, committing himself to the club until 2025. The Frenchman has enjoyed a spectacular start to his career at the Etihad after joining from Athletic Bilbao for Â£57million in January 2018. Laporte won the Premier League last… February 22, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City's Spanish midfielder David Silva celebrates with teammates after scoring a goal during the UEFA Champions League football match between Shakhatr Donetsk and Manchester City at the Metallist stadium in Kharkiv, on October 23, 2018. GENYA SAVILOV / AFP Manchester City found their Champions League mojo as David Silva… October 23, 2018 In "News"