Liverpool would lift their 6th Champions League trophy back in June. They are now set to kick-off their defense of Europe’s biggest club prize away to Napoli on Tuesday evening. Along with Napoli, Liverpool have been drawn in Group E with Genk and RB Salzburg. While no game in the CL is easy, Liverpool should be able to make it out of this group fairly comfortably. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 14: Jurgen Klopp, Manager of Liverpool gives his team instructions during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Newcastle United at Anfield on September 14, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Ahead of the clash with Napoli, Jurgen Klopp gave updates on both Andy Robertson and Divock Origi. Robertson is Liverpool’s only senior out-and-out left-back this season after Alberto Moreno left over the summer. So, him being missing vs Napoli would be a huge blow. While Klopp did state it is nothing major with Robertson, it doesn’t sound guaranteed that he will start vs the Serie A outfit: “Robbo didn’t train today and we have to see. “It is not a major thing, it was more precautionary today, but it is not 100 per cent sure [he will be available]. We will have to test it tomorrow and then we will see.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. Origi, on the other hand, is expected to be out for ‘one and two weeks’: “The update on Div is that it is not too serious. “We expect him [to be out for] between one and two weeks, but it depends a little bit on when he can deal with the pain. It is nothing really; it’s a feeling, but it should be fine.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. Liverpool squad to take on Napoli: Fabinho, Van Dijk, Wijnaldum, Lovren, Milner, Firmino, Mane, Salah, Gomez, Adrian, Henderson, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Lallana, Lonergan, Shaqiri, Brewster, Robertson, Matip, Kelleher, Alexander-Arnold. Our confirmed travelling squad for Tuesday’s @ChampionsLeague opener… https://t.co/iHkX1iJLUz — Liverpool FC (@LFC) September 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Napoli vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Valencia betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals