Premier League giants Spurs have this afternoon confirmed the extent of the injury picked up by summer signing Giovani Lo Celso. On the back of a lengthy saga, Argentine midfielder Lo Celso made the move to north London last month. The 23-year-old joined Tottenham from La Liga outfit Real Betis, on loan until the end of the season. Lo Celso has since largely-struggled for game-time, though, as he continues to adapt to the rigours of English football. The goal-scoring midfielder has managed appearances in Spurs’ last 3 Premier League outings, but for a grand total of just 44 minutes. Giovani Lo Celso is challenged by Granit Xhaka during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Tottenham Hotspur. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Lo Celso departed London for international duty last week, linking up with Lionel Scaloni’s Argentina squad for fixtures versus Chile and Mexico. The Albiceleste’s first outing, versus the former, ended in a 0-0 stalemate last Friday. Lo Celso was handed a starting berth in his country’s midfield but, unfortunately for both Argentina and Spurs, was eventually forced off through injury. It was subsequently reported that the South American had picked up a groin problem, with Tottenham fearing an extended period on the sidelines: #thfc Spurs fear Lo Celso suffered serious groin injury on international duty. Rotten luck. https://t.co/DZhYTNjkji — Dan Kilpatrick (@Dan_KP) September 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And, in a major blow for Mauricio Pochettino and co, a diagnosis has this afternoon been forthcoming. As per Tottenham’s official website, Lo Celso has in fact picked up a hip problem, which is expected to keep him out of action until the end of next month: ‘Giovani Lo Celso has returned early to Hotspur Way after being withdrawn from the Argentina squad due to a hip injury.’ ‘The attacking midfielder sustained the injury during his national team’s match against Chile. He will now undergo a period of rehabilitation and is expected to return to training with the first team towards the end of October.’ 📰 An injury update on @LoCelsoGiovani.#THFC ⚪ #COYS — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham reportedly ready to reignite Paulo Dybala pursuit in January Agent of Roma’s Nicolo Zaniolo confirms Spurs summer interest Source: Great Goals