A video is spreading on social media from Tuesday’s Carabao Cup tie between Portsmouth and Southampton. One Pompey supporter – a man, wearing a dark cap and a blue jumper – was filmed punching a police horse. It’s unclear how the confrontation started. However, the footage doing the rounds reveals how the Portsmouth supporter punched the horse in the head. To be clear, a policeman was riding the horse at the time. After the assault on the animal, other policeman moved into the fray to arrest the Pompey fan. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js If the precedent is anything to go by, this Portsmouth fan faces serious legal repercussions for his idiotic behaviour. Back in 2013, during a derby against Sunderland, a Newcastle fan who was also filmed punching a police horse was jailed as a result. The Newcastle supporter was jailed for 12 months, while he was also banned from football for 6 years. In the end Southampton won the bragging rights in the south coast derby on Tuesday. Despite a bright start from Portsmouth at Fratton Park, Danny Ings fired Southampton into a first half lead. Ings doubled Southampton’s lead just before the break, while the Saints scored two late goals through Cedric Soares and Nathan Redmond. Also see: Bernardo Silva: Manchester City star under threat of a 6-game ban. Manchester United confirm early team news for Arsenal. Source: Great Goals Portsmouth's Tom Naylor hits the bar when it would have been easier to score against Maidenhead United in their first round FA Cup tie. FA Cup: How on earth has he missed that? - Portsmouth's Tom Naylor misses sitter November 10, 2018 In "Sports" Paris Saint-Germain have defended a group of their supporters who were turned away from a Champions League match against Chelsea Women by police. Around 45 police officers were dispatched to Kingsmeadow stadium on Thursday in response to reports of criminal damage, which was allegedly caused by the group of PSG… March 23, 2019 In "News" Meanwhile, Portsmouth look to knock out QPR while Crystal Palace welcome Tottenham in London derby The FA Cup is the oldest knock-out tournament in club football, and the fourth round is set to kick off this coming weekend. On the Friday night (25 January) Premier League giants Arsenal and Manchester… January 22, 2019 In "Sports"