As per a report from the Sun, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer trails only Everton boss Marco Silva in the Premier League sack race. The Red Devils travelled to the London Stadium this past weekend, to take on West Ham. United headed into proceedings having put a disappointing streak of no wins in 3 firmly behind them over the previous week. First off, a solitary Marcus Rashford strike saw the Manchester giants put Leicester City to the sword at Old Trafford two weekends ago. And one goal again proved enough for United in their Europa League curtain-raiser last Thursday night, with youngster Mason Greenwood having been the player on the scoresheet versus Kazakh outfit Astana. The 90 minutes in the English capital on Sunday, though, saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men brought firmly back down to earth. An abysmal showing on the part of the visitors eventually resulted in a 2-0 defeat. Andriy Yarmolenko put West Ham in front shortly before the interval, latching onto Felipe Anderson’s deft pass before finding the bottom corner of David De Gea’s net. And Aaron Cresswell made sure of all 3 points for the Irons 5 minutes from time, courtesy of a sumptuous free-kick. 11 – Man Utd have failed to keep a clean sheet in any of their last 11 away matches in all competitions, their worst run since conceding in 14 consecutive matches between April and December 2002. Faucet. pic.twitter.com/td0NYv15sW — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, Manchester United now sit 8th in the Premier League table, ahead of their crunch meeting with Arsenal this weekend. If results don’t soon begin to take a turn for the better, though, then Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could find himself out of a job. As per the latest odds courtesy of betting syndicate Ladbrokes (via the Sun), the Norwegian tactician is the 2nd-favourite Premier League manager to be relieved of his duties imminently. Solskjaer, as things stand, sits at odds of 6-1 to be sacked. This sees him trail only Everton boss Marco Silva, at 6-4. As showcased below, United’s form since Solskjaer took the reins at Old Trafford on a permanent basis has been abysmal. The Manchester giants have picked up just 5 wins from 18 outings across all competitions, since defeating PSG in March. Man United’s form in all competitions since beating PSG in Paris: Played – 18
Wins – 5
Draws – 4
Losses – 9
Clean sheets – 3
Scored – 17
Conceded – 26 Ugly reading for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side.#WHUMUN pic.twitter.com/w3AS2JGQLE — 888sport (@888sport) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Man United to have scouts in attendance at Brescia’s clash with Juventus to watch Sandro Tonali – GDS Manchester United confirm early team news for Arsenal Source: Great Goals Manchester United have this evening been handed a boost on the fitness front, with news that Daniel James has been included in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad to take on West Ham United. West Ham vs Man United The Red Devils are set to travel to the London Stadium tomorrow afternoon,… September 21, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided his response to the heavy criticism levelled at his side by former boss Jose Mourinho. United fall flat The Red Devils travelled to the London Stadium a short time ago, to take on West Ham United. United headed into proceedings… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Updates on the fitness of a number of Manchester United stars have emerged online this afternoon, ahead of their meeting with West Ham United. West Ham vs Man United The Red Devils are set to travel to the London Stadium on Sunday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. United… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"