Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process & Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company & Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses. Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically, we develop integrated sales and marketing strategies focused around the point of purchase. We also devise transformational strategies through organization design, process definition, and commercial ability development. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Graphics Designer/Social Media Specialist Location: Lagos
Reports To: Vice President, Marketing & Communications Purpose of Position Duties and Responsibilities Job Requirements
Education & Work Experience: Required Skills: Core Competencies:
Demonstrates ability to: Application Closing Date
30th September, 2019. The post Graphics Designer/Social Media Specialist at Lorache Group appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process &amp; Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company &amp; Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses.Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically, we… July 17, 2019 In "Jobs" Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process &amp; Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company &amp; Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses.Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically, we… June 11, 2019 In "Jobs" Lorache Group is a Marketing Management, Human Capital Development and Business Process &amp; Strategist Consultancy Outfit, registered with Company &amp; Allied Commission (CAC) of Nigeria to perform such businesses.Lorache works cut across multiple industries, including the consumer goods, finance, capital market, pharmaceutical, telecommunication, entertainment and leisure sectors etc. Basically, we… June 11, 2019 In "Jobs"