Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening moved to assure that his agent’s suggestion that the weather could influence his future at Anfield was intended as little more than a joke. German tactician Klopp has been the man in charge at Liverpool for a little over 4 years now, since joining the Reds from Borussia Dortmund in 2015. And, following a first couple of seasons during which he often flattered to deceive on Merseyside, the last 12 months+ have since seen the former Mainz boss begin to silence any and all doubters. A record-breaking campaign last time out, during which his Liverpool side were pipped to the Premier League title by a solitary point, was swiftly followed by redemption in Europe, as Klopp guided the Reds to their latest Champions League crown, and, in the process, his first piece of silverware with the club. This has since been followed by a blistering opening to the new season on the part of the Anfield outfit, which has seen Liverpool race out to an early 5-point lead atop the English top-flight table. As such, safe to say, it is an altogether exciting time to be a Reds fan. Therefore, it no doubt came as a major source of concern earlier today when, in something of a bolt from the blue, Jurgen Klopp’s agent appeared to hint at a potential departure from the club for his client. Speaking in an interview with DAZN, Marc Kosicke cited the gloomy English weather as a potential issue in contract talks with Liverpool: ‘Jurgen’s contract is still valid until 2022 and it is an open secret that the club would like to extend.’ ‘We still have a little time for that. We must wait and see how everything develops and whether climate change will bring better weather to England or only to Germany.’ ‘One should not underestimate [the bad weather]. I remember that in November or December, Liverpool first asked for a contract extension. I said: ‘Let’s wait’. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – JANUARY 30: Jurgen Klopp, Manager of Liverpool looks on prior toduring the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Leicester City at Anfield on January 30, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) ‘Ulla [Klopp’s wife] and Jurgen get up in the morning and it’s dark. When they meet again in the evening, it is also dark or it is grey and there is drizzle.’ ‘During the winter break in Germany, if the weather is really bad, the clubs go on vacation for two weeks, then come back and fly directly to the training camp in the sun for several days.’ ‘During this time, the coaches in England sometimes have to prepare for up to 13 games. They are already exhausted and it’s not so easy.’ Klopp himself, however, has this evening moved to clarify the situation. Speaking to the media a short time ago, the 52-year-old assured that his agent’s comments were misconstrued, and that Liverpool’s fans need not worry about the weather playing any sort of role in his future with the club: ‘He wanted to make a joke. I have to be serious. German humour, nobody got it. The weather was never a reason for me to choose a city.’ ‘It’s not a reason for me to leave the country. Maybe at the moment it’s the most healthy weather in the world – we have enough rain, it’s cool, pretty much the opposite of this room!’ ‘There’s nothing in that story. He’s my agent and my friend.’ Andy Robertson included in Liverpool squad for Napoli, despite missing training Napoli vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals