Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness has claimed he will stop sending players to the German national team if Manuel Neuer is dropped for Marc-André ter Stegen. Manuel Neuer has been the undisputed number one for the German national team for a number of years. The popular goalkeeper made his name by kick-starting the age of ‘sweeper keepers’, infamously coming far out of his boundaries. Despite his impressive performances for Bayern and Germany over the years, the rise of Marc-André ter Stegen has now threatened his number one spot with the national team. Ter Stegen has been brilliant for Barcelona recently and is applying real pressure to usurp Neuer. However, Bayern Munich are not very happy with the idea of Manuel Neuer being dropped. In fact, their president is willing to take a drastic stance to stop it happening. MUNICH, GERMANY – SEPTEMBER 12: Manuel Neuer of Bayern Muenchen looks on during the UEFA Champions League group B match between FC Bayern Muenchen and RSC Anderlecht at Allianz Arena on September 12, 2017 in Munich, Germany. (Photo by Alexander Hassenstein/Bongarts/Getty Images) In a remarkable claim on Tuesday, Bayern president Uli Hoeness suggested he would stop sending players to the national team if Neuer is dropped. “Before that takes place [Neuer being dropped], we won’t be sending any more national players,” Hoeness explained to Sport Bild, as cited by the Independent. “We will never accept that there will be a change here.” Bayern supplies the German national team with several important players. Niklas Süle, Joshua Kimmich and Leon Goretzka are just a few Bayern players who were included in the last international squad. After Ter Stegen recently hit out at his lack of playing time with Germany, Hoeness also claimed the goalkeeper should be ‘put in the corner’. “You put Mr Ter Stegen in the corner and tell him clearly that it doesn’t work like that,” Hoeness continued.   A positive mindset is everything … A post shared by  Manuel Neuer (@manuelneuer) on Sep 20, 2019 at 10:02am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js After Hoeness’ extraordinary comments, there’s already been a Bayern Munich statement. As quoted by Spiegel, Bayern’s front office claims in hindsight, Hoeness would not make the same claim today. The statement read: “Immediately after our CL game against Belgrade, Mr. Hoeness made statements concerning the discussions over the number 1 on the national team that he would not, in hindsight, make today. “The matter has long since been settled for him, and there are no further statements of his concerning it.”   Prost, boys! #Wiesn #Oktoberfest #FCBayern @paulaner A post shared by  FC Bayern München (@fcbayern) on Sep 25, 2019 at 6:55am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Philippe Coutinho aims parting shot at Barcelona: Bayern ‘more of a family’ than my old clubs Philippe Coutinho on what Liverpool’s Klopp said to him after Bayern move Source: Great Goals