Manchester United traveled to West Ham United in one of two Premier League games taking place at 2 pm on Sunday. Man United began the day in 6th place with eight points but could move as high as 3rd with a win over the Hammers. As for West Ham, they also started the day with eight points but they were down in 11th spot due to their goal difference. Heading into the clash with United, West Ham were dealt an injury blow. It has been reported that Manuel Lanzini could be out of action for three to four weeks. Lanzini is said to have picked up the injury while playing for Argentina before playing through West Ham’s last game vs Aston Villa on Monday evening. An injury update on Manuel Lanzini and, I’m afraid, it’s not brilliant news. https://t.co/UEiv14GGEm — Sam Inkersole (@Sam_InkersoleTM) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 31: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on prior to the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Manchester United at St Mary’s Stadium on August 31, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) However, Man United have also lost one of their players prior to Sunday’s game. Mason Greenwood, who scored his first senior goal for Man United earlier this week in the Europa League, was completely omitted from United’s matchday squad. The wait for today’s team news is over… Ole has named an unchanged starting line-up from last weekend’s win v Leicester #MUFC #WHUMUN — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has since revealed that Greenwood missed the game because he has tonsillitis. Ole explains today’s #MUFC team selection and why Mason Greenwood is absent from the squad. #WHUMUN pic.twitter.com/unXobtncI3 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Roy Kean would also give his thoughts on United’s expectations this season, stating that after the starts Arsenal and Tottenham have had, United should be expecting to finish 4th. Roy Keane on the expectations of Manchester United “If someone said can we finish top 4 in our dressing room, they would’ve been lynched” pic.twitter.com/Fv6Y1HfYru — Football Daily (@footballdaily) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Chelsea vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Arsenal vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Manuel Lanzini is injured again More bad news for West Ham’s Manuel Lanzini. The Argentine midfielder is once again injured. The news became apparent when Lanzini was omitted from West Ham’s matchday squad against Man United on Sunday. How did Manuel Lanzini get injured? According to Football London, Lanzini’s latest… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Antonio injured West Ham took on Newport County on August 27th in the League Cup. The Hammers would come away with a 2-0 victory. However, they did suffer one big blow during the game as Michail Antonio had to be withdrawn in the first half with an injury problem. Sky… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" David Moyes PHOTO:AFPDavid Moyes saw West Ham secure a first point of his reign as the Premier League strugglers' manager in a 1-1 draw at home to Leicester City on Friday. The hosts fell behind early on at the London Stadium to a goal from Marc Albrighton before Cheikhou Kouyate… November 25, 2017 In "News"