Jack Grealish has had a solid start to the season with Aston Villa. The newly-promoted side haven’t had the easiest of times but do have four points from five games. Grealish has captained Villa in all five of their PL games so far this season and he does look as though he could cause a few teams problems this season. The 24-year-old has provided one assist in said games. BIRMINGHAM, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 15: Dean Smith manager of Aston Villa during a press conference at Villa Park Stadium on October 15, 2018 in Birmingham, England. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Despite his positive start to the campaign, Grealish was not named in Gareth Southgate’s most recent England squad. However, when asked if an England breakthrough is on his mind, Grealish stated: “Yeah definitely.” Grealish goes on to mention that he is backing himself to get into the England team. Although, the midfielder also conceded that he needs to add goals and assists to his game: “I think the position I play at the moment there are so many talented players out there: Madders, Dele [Alli], Mason Mount and [Jesse] Lingard, so many good young English players. “So there is a lot of competition there but I know I can play. I back myself to get into the England team. “[I need to] add goals and assists to my game. At the start of the season I know I haven’t been playing to the standard I know I can. I can perform better. From being in the Championship last year, now to being in the Premier League it is going to take a bit of time.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. England’s next set of games kicks off against the Czech Republic on the 11th of October.   Thought we could’ve came away with 3 points last night but a point on board against a strong West Ham side. On to Sunday now ⚽️ A post shared by  Jack Grealish (@jackgrealish) on Sep 17, 2019 at 7:31am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Manchester City vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Newcastle vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals