Liverpool and Manchester City pushed each other to their limits in last season’s Premier League title race. Man City would eventually come out on top with a staggering 98 points. But Liverpool would be just one point behind them with 97 points. The Reds would also claim the one prize that has alluded Pep Guardiola during his stint in Manchester, the Champions League. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 09: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp (l) and Pep Guardiola react during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Liverpool at Etihad Stadium on September 9, 2017 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Stu Forster/Getty Images) Now, a short period  into the 2019/20 season, it looks as though it could be Man City and Liverpool battling it out for the PL title once again. Heading into week six of the PL campaign, Liverpool topped the table with 15 points. City were five points behind them in second spot after they lost to Norwich last weekend. Heading into this weekend’s action, Guardiola admitted that Liverpool are the strongest opponent he has faced in his managerial career: “The opponent we have is the strongest opponent I have faced in my career as a manager – Liverpool. “I said it when we were in front, I said it when they were in front, I said it when we won, I said it when we lose, I’ve said many times because they have absolutely everything, in the positioning game, in the counter-attack, set-pieces, transitions, Anfield, the stadium. “I know how difficult it was, I know how difficult it is and will be. But that’s the challenge we have.” As quoted by the Mirror. Man City would smash Watford 8-0 on Saturday, putting them two points behind Liverpool who play Chelsea on Sunday.   What a goal. What an angle. What a reaction No forgetting THIS vs Sunday’s opponents… #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Liverpool #PremierLeague A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Sep 21, 2019 at 6:11am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Manchester City set Premier League record after scoring five in 18 minutes vs Watford Can Manchester City stop Liverpool’s title run? | Premier League  Source: Great Goals