The singer made this revelation while having an interview with Cool FM. Reekado revealed his decision was based on a professional and tactical factor. He reveals he is becoming a bigger artiste and an act who is looking to get to the next level of his career, therefore, he needs someone who is experienced and a facilitator that could make his dreams come true. He said; “It was just next level dealings. I wanted to get somewhere else, the vision became alot farther, like I saw farther than I used to see and I just needed somebody that’ll see as much, most especially someone that’s been there with other people (artistes) but me and my brother are cool.” This decision hasn’t come as a surprise to many music followers as Reekado’s music career hasn’t been flourishing like it used to. It is believed that his exit from Don Jazzy’s record label has played a major role in that as he has lost professional guidance, a huge reason why he has sacked his elder brother and resulted to hiring someone who is more experienced. It is now believed that Reekado Banks would now be managed by Davido’s former manager; Kamal Ajiboye who is the owner of Twenty20media. The post Reekado Banks Fires Elder Brother As His Manager, Appoints Davido’s Former Manager appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Nigerian pop singer, Reekado Banks has revealed he is no longer working with his long-time manager and brother, Temi who has been with him since the beginning of his music career. This news was revealed in his recent interview with CoolFM where the 25-year old singer, who is now being… September 11, 2019 In "Music/Video" Reekado Banks turns 25 today and got 25 birthday cakes from brother and his family. Today is Reekado Banks&apos; birthday and he got not just one, not two but twenty-five cakes on his special day.The music star took to his Instagram page on Thursday, December 6, 2018, where he posted… December 6, 2018 In "News" Nigerian music star, Ayoleyi Hanniel Solomon better known by his performing name, Reekado Banks in a recent chat with Cool FM has explained why he decided to part ways on the business front with his brother, Temi Solomon who was formerly his manager. According to the 25-year-old singer, his decision to drop… September 11, 2019 In "News"