Arsenal have provided injury updates on several players ahead of their clash with Watford, including Rob Holding, Hector Bellerin and Kieran Tierney. The Gunners haven’t had an ideal start to the season in relation to injuries. Summer signing Kieran Tierney is yet to start a game this season due to an ongoing injury problem. The Scottish left-back hasn’t even played a competitive game since May. Meanwhile, fellow full-back Hector Bellerin has not featured since back in January after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury. Rob Holding has also been out with an injury, having ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in a 2-2 draw with Manchester United back in December last year. Now, Arsenal have provided an injury update on all three players. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 05: Rob Holding of Arsenal receives medical treatment during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Arsenal FC at Old Trafford on December 5, 2018 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) In a statement released on Arsenal’s official website, the club revealed Holding is back in full training with the squad. That could even put him in contention for the clash with Watford on Sunday. Meanwhile, Arsenal are targeting a September return to training for Hector Bellerin. Their statement claims Bellerin is ‘continuing with on-field rehabilitation’, and is ‘progressing well and aiming to participate in full training in September.’ The same timescale is given to Kieran Tierney, with Arsenal also suggesting return this month is possible for the Scottish left-back. Finally, Arsenal also give an update on youngster Dinos Mavropanos. They reveal that, like Tierney and Bellerin, the player is aiming to return in September.   Heading towards a #PremierLeague weekend like…⁠ ⁠ @lacazettealex: back in business⁠ ⁠ #Lacazette #Arsenal #WATARS #EPL #AFC #Gunners #COYG A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Sep 11, 2019 at 8:30am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Arsenal could have sustained two fresh injuries during the international break. Both Granit Xhaka and Lucas Torreria missed some of the break due to their problems. Click here to find out more about their injuries ahead of the Watford clash. Source: Great Goals Arsenal have this afternoon provided updates on the fitness of a number of the club’s stars, ahead of their season opener this weekend. Newcastle vs Arsenal The new Premier League campaign is set to get underway at Anfield this evening, when last season’s runners-up, Liverpool, host top-flight newcomers Norwich City.… August 9, 2019 In "News" Liverpool host Arsenal on Saturday night in the Premier League. Jurgen Klopp and Unai Emery have both recorded wins in their opening two fixtures. Liverpool have beaten Norwich and Southampton, while Arsenal beat Newcastle and Burnley. Arsenal team news vs Liverpool Ahead of the trip to Anfield, Arsenal have posted… August 22, 2019 In "News" The start of the Premier League season is under a month away and Arsenal are hoping to get off to a flying start. The Gunners face Newcastle United in the season opener at St James’ Park on Sunday August 11 and will be hoping to have a number of new… July 18, 2019 In "News"