Manchester United have this evening revealed why Aaron Wan-Bissaka is not part of the club’s matchday squad to take on Arsenal. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men are currently locked in action with the Gunners at Old Trafford, in a high-profile Premier League clash. Hosts United headed into proceedings looking for an improved display, after struggling to a penalty shootout victory over League One outfit Rochdale in the League Cup last week. This came on the back of the Red Devils falling to a hugely-disappointing 2-0 defeat at West Ham in their last Premier League outing. As such, ahead of kick-off in Manchester this evening, United sat in a lowly 11th-place in the English top-flight table. An hour prior to proceedings getting underway at Old Traffird, meanwhile, the starting line-ups of both sides were announced. Visitors Arsenal set out as follows, with Calum Chambers and Bukayo Saka handed starts, but no room in the matchday squad for the likes of Mesut Ozil or returning pair Kieran Tierney and Hector Bellerin: Two changes from our @premierleague win against Aston Villa… Chambers, Torreira
 Maitland-Niles, Ceballos#MUNARS — Arsenal (@Arsenal) September 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United were boosted by the return of Marcus Rashford, and Paul Pogba being deemed fit enough to to feature from the off. One notable omission from not only the Red Devils’ starting XI, but their matchday squad, however, was Aaron Wan-Bissaka: Tonight’s #MUFC team news for #MUNARS! Follow the game in our app — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, United have since taken to social media to provide an explanation for their summer signing’s absence tonight. The stopper is not injured, but has come down with a bout of tonsillitis: A closer look at the #MUFC starting XI for #MUNARS, including an update on @AWBissaka… — Manchester United (@ManUtd) September 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch Online & Confirmed Line-Ups Man United planning to launch bid for Juventus’ Mario Mandzukic in January – The Athletic Source: Great Goals