Chelsea manager Frank Lampard has this evening provided some early team news ahead of his side’s next outing, versus Grimsby Town. The Blues are set to welcome League Two outfit Grimsby to Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night, for a League Cup 3rd-round clash. Chelsea will head into proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, having fallen to a pair of consecutive defeats over the last week. After first being put to the sword by Valencia in their Champions League opener last week, the capital giants then suffered a further loss yesterday evening, versus Liverpool. 13 – Chelsea have conceded 13 goals in their opening six Premier League games for the first time, last conceding as many in the top-flight in 1978-79 (also 13) – a season in which they finished bottom of the First Division. Brittle. pic.twitter.com/2GSIC5O3QH — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) September 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Grimsby, though, are no doubt viewed as the ideal opponents for Frank Lampard’s men to get their form back on track against. The Mariners currently sit 9th in League Two, England’s 4th-tier. As such, Chelsea will be expected to field a new-look side on Wednesday night, with a number of fringe players handed the chance to impress. Speaking in an interview earlier today, Blues boss Lampard was therefore questioned on whether two youngsters in particular, in the form of Callum Hudson-Odoi and Reece James, are set to feature versus Grimsby. Both Chelsea starlets have been sidelined over the early weeks of the season with respective injuries. And Lampard went on to confirm that Hudson-Odoi and James will ‘be involved’. The Pensioners legend stopped short, though, of revealing whether either player will start: Some early team news from Frank Lampard ahead of Wednesday night’s @Carabao_Cup tie! 👀 pic.twitter.com/xXWzUyYgdm — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea fan group provide explanation for Eden Hazard banner being unveiled before Liverpool clash Man United have offered Mason Greenwood a new deal – Romano Source: Great Goals