Ruggedy Baba who has had a really eventful year so far staged a concert at the prestigious Eko Convention Centre in Lagos last week, precisely on the 21st of September and it was indeed a successful one. The concert was filled with loads of people, celebrity entertainers and his fellow veteran Nigerian artistes. The likes of Eedris Abdulkareem, 9ice, comedian, Akpororo and a lot more were there to make the day a really bright day for Ruggedman. For how beautiful everything turned out to be on that day, Ruggedy Baba has now taken to his Instagram page to show his gratitude to all persons who made it a memorable day for him. He wrote; “I thank you all for the success of the maiden edition of #TheFoundationConcert. It was fun for both the legendary artistes and the fans. It wasnt just a concert, it was a party.#TheFoundationConcert2020 Now Loading …..” I thank you all for the success of the maiden edition of #TheFoundationConcert It was fun for both the legendary artistes and the fans. It wasnt just a concert, it was a party. #TheFoundationConcert2020 Now Loading ….. A post shared by  RUGGEDMAN (@ruggedybaba) on Sep 25, 2019 at 2:05pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Ruggedman Shows Appreciation To All That Made His Foundation Concert A Success, Starts Plan For 2020 Edition appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Ruggedman has been warned by a group of Nigerian boys living in South Africa not to make any attempt of coming down to the country else, he would lose his life. The warning according to reports has come from boys who have affiliation with recently released singer, Naira Marley. The… June 15, 2019 In "Music/Video" Ruggedman has thanked his fans and well wishers who sent him messages or called him regarding the unfortunate incident that happened between himself and alleged Naira Marley fans in London where the veteran rapper was seen being assaulted. Ruggedy baba took to his Instagram earlier this morning to appreciate the… June 15, 2019 In "Music/Video" Music fans in Lagos are in for a thrilling experience this October as Legend Extra Stout is set to bring two of Nigeria’s biggest music stars, 9ice and Small Doctor to the Adura Football Field, Alakuko, Lagos. The music concert popularly known as the Real Deal Experience will hold on… September 29, 2017 In "News"