Newcastle midfielder Sean Longstaff has opened up on links to Manchester United over the summer, admitting that talk of a move away distracted him. Longstaff burst onto the scene with the Magpies last season, impressing in the second half of the season. In his 10 appearances last season, the youngster scored one goal and assisted four. His impressive performances even brought upon reports of a move to Manchester United. It was claimed that a bid of £30million plus was expected from the Red Devils for Longstaff. However, a move never materialised and Longstaff remained at Newcastle. As his reward for staying put, the midfielder has featured in all of the Magpies’ Premier League fixtures so far this season. Now, he’s been speaking about those summer links to Manchester United. WOLVERHAMPTON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 11: Matt Ritchie of Newcastle United (11) is shown a yellow card by referee Graham Scott as team mate Sean Longstaff appeals during the Premier League match between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Newcastle United at Molineux on February 11, 2019 in Wolverhampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of Newcastle’s clash with Liverpool on Saturday, Longstaff admitted that he got a little bit distracted by talk of his future. ‘You can sometimes get distracted by the outside noise and maybe for a little bit in the summer I was a bit,’ Longstaff revealed to NUFC TV ‘It’s hard not to whenever you go anywhere you see your face on the front of a newspaper and you turn the telly on people are talking about you. ‘It’s not like they’re talking about little things, they’re talking about things that can change your life really. Big performance and result to get us up and running A post shared by  Sean Longstaff (@seanlongstaff97) on Aug 26, 2019 at 1:42pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js ‘The expectation is half what I’ve done and it’s probably a good thing. ‘It does just go to show I did impress people when I got my chance last year. ‘So for me, it’s about not listening to them and sticking to what I do.’ See also: Ajax’s Edwin van der Sar has spoken to Ed Woodward: Here are the details of Man United’s offer Newcastle confirm 6 injuries before Liverpool plus Fabian Schar & Miguel Almiron doubts Source: Great Goals Newcastle United youngster Sean Longstaff has claimed he is flattered by reports linking him with Premier League giants Manchester United. In an interview with the Daily Chronicle, as quoted by the Daily Mail, Newcastle United starlet Sean Longstaff has admitted that he is flattered by rumours linking him with a… July 21, 2019 In "News" Manchester United are confident they will get a clear run at Sean Longstaff and Bruno Fernandes as they look to step up Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s summer rebuild. United are closing in on three more signings before they fly out to Perth next week after completing deals for Daniel James and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. They have been confident enough… June 28, 2019 In "News" Manchester United are confident of bolstering their squad by bringing in Harry Maguire from Leicester City and Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United, the Evening Standard claims. Both players have been heavily-linked with a move to Old Trafford this summer, having been identified by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as top targets ahead of his… July 24, 2019 In "News"