Burnley are set to travel to Brighton on Saturday as they look to bounce back from their last Premier League game. The Clarets faced Liverpool prior to the international break and lost 3-0. That loss meant Burnley have not won a league game since the opening weekend of the season. Although, to be fair to Sean Dyche’s side, their last three games have been against Arsenal, Liverpool and Wolves. Brighton are also going in search of their first win since the opening weekend of the PL campaign. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 22: Graham Potter, head coach of Ostersunds FK claps the fans after UEFA Europa League Round of 32 match between Arsenal and Ostersunds FK at the Emirates Stadium on February 22, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Prior to the Brighton tie, Sean Dyche has been speaking about Danny Drinkwater. A recent report from Sky Sports News stated that Drinkwater was ‘allegedly attacked by a group of men while drunk outside a Manchester nightclub’. However, the recent report from Burnley just described it as ‘an off-the-field incident which attracted widespread media interest.’ That same report said Drinkwater is sidelined with an ankle problem from the above-mentioned incident. When speaking about Drinkwater, Dyche stated: “This is just a bump in the situation. We want to make sure he gets back to being fully fit, playing well, the eye of the tiger that it takes to be a top player – which he has shown he can be. There’s no two ways about that. “It’s about him as well. He wants to be back there playing well. He’s had a tough couple of years football-wise, not playing much. “He wants the hunger and desire to flood back into him and you have to earn that. “You have to earn the right to bring back those feel-good factors and deliver the performances and that’s what we want from him. “He was doing that before this incident. He was working hard on his training and I’m sure he will do as soon as he’s fit again.” As quoted by Burnley’s official website. Burnley’s official Twitter account have reported on Thursday that Dyche expects Drinkwater to be out for a couple of weeks. SD expects to be without Danny Drinkwater for a couple of weeks. — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) September 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley have also provided some updates on several more players heading into the weekend’s action. According to a report from Burnley’s official website, Dwight McNeil has recovered from the slight back and hamstring injuries that he had. Ashley Barnes is also said to have recovered from a minor groin problem, while Johann Berg Gudmundsson is set to be assessed to see if he can return from his calf issue. Finally, Robbie Brady is expected to be back in the Burnley squad to take on Brighton. See also: Sheffield United vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Trossard’s time at Brighton Leandro Trossard joined Brighton over the summer from Belgian outfit, Genk. Brighton are believed to have paid around £18m for Trossard’s services. Trossard was an unused sub in the Seagull’s first Premier League game of the season vs Watford. However, the 24-year-old has since started Brighton’s… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Drinkwater moves to Burnley Danny Drinkwater moved to Chelsea in August of 2017 from Leicester City. Chelsea are believed to have paid in the region of £34m for Drinkwater. However, since his move to Stamford Bridge, Drinkwater has found his game time rather limited. In fact, the midfielder has made… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Burnley Brighton’s first game back after the international break sees them take on Burnley on Saturday the 14th of September. The Seagulls had a solid start to the new season, picking up a 3-0 win over Watford. Since then though, they have failed to win their next three… September 12, 2019 In "Sports"