Tottenham defender Danny Rose has today provided an insight into his mindset, after being heavily linked with a departure from the club over the summer. On the back of an injury-ravaged 2017/18 campaign, during which he managed just 10 Premier League appearances, Rose went on to reestablish himself as a key member of Mauricio Pochettino’s squad last season. All told, the English international went on to rack up 20 league starts, the same number as fellow Spurs left-back Ben Davies. Crucially, however, when it mattered most, over the course of the season’s run-in, and the capital outfit’s shock run to the Champions League final, it was Rose who locked down a starting berth. Despite often disappointing with his final ball when in attacking positions, the 29-year-old’s passion and commitment to the Spurs’ cause could never be questioned, with Rose having emerged as a real leader in the ranks of the north Londoners as the campaign wore on. Danny Rose during the Carabao Cup Quarter-Final match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) The Tottenham faithful, meanwhile, made no secret of their appreciation for Rose’s rebirth-of-sorts: I might just make a compilation of Danny Rose being an utter nutter and flying into challenges. What do we all think? I run out of superlatives to describe my love for this geezer — Cenk (@ForzaYids) June 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, it subsequently came as something of a surprise to hear that the all-action stopper looked set to move on this summer. Speaking back in July, Rose admitted that he was very much open to the idea of a departure from the English capital: ‘If I am (still at Tottenham), great, if not – great.’ ‘It’s no secret I’ve been linked with a move in the media. And it’s the club’s policy to move players on when they reach a certain age.’ This was soon followed by the full-back being omitted from Tottenham’s preseason tour of Asia, ‘with a view to him being sold’. Danny Rose left out of Tottenham’s pre-season tour of Asia as he edges closer to departure | @SamWallaceTelhttps://t.co/wpJ18BEaQk — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) July 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js In the end, however, upon the European transfer window slamming shut last week, Rose remained a Spurs player. In addition, the stopper has gone on to earn a starting berth in all 4 of the capital outfit’s Premier League fixtures to this point in the new season. As such, speaking in an interview earlier today, Rose was drawn on the intense summer speculation surrounding his name. The English international, though, assured that not all of the rumours published were in fact true, before adding that he remains ‘very happy’ in north London: ‘It wasn’t tough, it is what it is.’ ‘Not everything that was publicised in the summer was entirely true and I think in the future I will have my say on everything that happened. But I don’t want to focus on negativity at the minute.’ Rose continued: ‘I guess I should be happy with maybe being up for sale and having started the first four games for Tottenham and the first England game of the campaign.’ ‘I can’t lie I am very happy. But I just want to say that everything that was written in the summer wasn’t entirely true.’ Quotes via Goal Sporting CP reveal details of Spurs’ summer Bruno Fernandes bid, including €20 million PL & CL title bonuses Argentina confirm Tottenham’s Lo Celso suffered an injury vs Chile Source: Great Goals