Enroyale Global Services Limited – Our client, a privately-owned leading Grocery store in Abuja that deals with fast moving consumer goods with nationwide delivery. The management has many years’ experience in the field of importing and distributing. The company’s core business is supplying grocery items for general household use. They have a highly professional sales, marketing, warehousing and distribution operation. They are continuously sourcing products which will be very beneficial to every individual and Nigeria at large. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Social Media Manager/Sales Supervisor Location: Abuja
Industry: Fast Moving Consumer Goods Business/ industry
Status: Long-term

Job Description
Guiding Priciples: Essential Duties and Responsibilities Qualifications Salary
Very Attractive. Application Closing Date
2nd October, 2019. The post Social Media Manager/Sales Supervisor at Enroyale Global Services Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Enroyale Global Services Limited – Our client, a Chinese Fast Food Online Restaurant that provides nutritious and variety of meals with high standards of hygiene and an impeccable customer service. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Marketer – Fast Food Location: Abuja Industry: Fast Food Industry Status:… September 25, 2019 In "Gists" Enroyale Global Services Limited – Our client, a Real Estate and Property Development Company whose primary goal is to bring affordable and quality housing to Nigeria. They have provided Investment opportunities for Nigerian looking to invest in the Real Estate sector of the economy and has its operations in Lagos,… September 25, 2019 In "Gists" ENROYALE GLOBAL SERVICES LIMITED, a leading consulting firm, is seeking to hire the services of a proficient Sales Manager for our Client. Responsible for managing the business, sells products by implementing sales plans; supervising sales staff. Read More: Job Openings at Enroyale Global Services Limited September 5, 2017 In "Jobs"