Tottenham will face Crystal Palace at 3 pm UK time on Saturday. Spurs head into the weekend’s Premier League action 9th in the table with just one win from four. However, Tottenham have had a fairly tough opening four games, which included clashes with Manchester City and Arsenal. Crystal Palace, on the other hand, are currently 4th in the English top-flight. Roy Hodgson’s side have won two, drawn one and lost one in the league so far this season. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 03: Mauricio Pochettino, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur looks on during the Group B match of the UEFA Champions League between Tottenham Hotspur and FC Barcelona at Wembley Stadium on October 3, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) Ahead of the Palace clash, Mauricio Pochettino held his pre-match press conference on Thursday the 12th of September. One of the topics discussed was Christian Eriksen. Eriksen was linked with a move away from Tottenham over the summer. The midfielder himself came out and stated he might want to try something new. However, with all the transfer windows around Europe now shut, Eriksen is still a Spurs player. Now, heading into the Crystal Palace game, Pochettino has stated that Eriksen is happy: “He has always been happy here. Of course, everyone has their aims and challenges but I told you before the Arsenal game that he was in the right mind. That’s why I selected him. “He is such an important player for us and one we appreciate a lot. “He is happy and if he can play, he will. All the decisions will be made on performances.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. A post shared by  Christian Eriksen (@chriseriksen8) on Aug 11, 2019 at 6:22am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Sheffield United vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Head coach Mauricio Pochettino of Tottenham Hotspur speaks at the press conference during the Tottenham Hotspur Press Conference and Training on March 4, 2019 in Dortmund, Germany. Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio Pochettino has told Football.London that Dele Alli could make a return against Southampton this weekend. Spurs are back in… March 6, 2019 In "News" Tottenham Hotspurs manager Mauricio Pochettino has praised his side for turning the curve around with an emphatic 3-1 win over Real Madrid in a UEFA Champions League clash at Wembley stadium Completesportsnigeria.com reports.   Pochettino’s side suffered two straight defeats in the English Premier League to Manchester United and West Ham in… November 2, 2017 In "Sports" Tottenham vs Crystal Palace When the Premier League restarts in a week’s time, Tottenham return to action with a home match against Crystal Palace. Crystal Palace are fourth in the Premier League after four matches. The Eagles beat Man United and Aston Villa before the international break. Tottenham are 9th… September 8, 2019 In "Sports"