 Former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili together with Chairman of Zenith Bank Plc, Jim Ovia are part of the attendees for the annual World Economic Forum holding in Cape Town, South Africa  The federal government had pulled out of the Forum following xenophobic attacks on Nigerians in South Africa. Nigeria joined Democratic Republic of Congo, Malawi, and Rwanda in boycotting the event amid violence in the country. Ezekwesili is facing heavy criticism for her attendance and she’s explained that she’s making the xenophobic attacks the focus of her conversation at the Forum. Here’s Ezekwesili explaining why she’s in SA:   #ObyEzekwesil is in #CapeTown #SouthAfrica, attending the #WorldEconomicForum and this has drawn critisim from various quarters, including a presidential aide – #BashirAhmad. Here's the former minister explaining why she's at the Forum. #BellaNaija bellanaija.com A post shared by  BellaNaija (@bellanaijaonline) on Sep 4, 2019 at 2:01pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Ezekwesili Wants to Put Xenophobic Attacks at Centre of Conversations at World Economic Forum in SA appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija President Muhammadu Buhari, VP Yemi Osinbajo & Foreign Affairs Minister Geoffrey Onyeoma at a meeting over xenophobic attacks on Nigerians in South Africa Nigeria has reportedly recalled its high commissioner to South Africa, Kabiru Bala and pulled out of the ongoing World Economic Forum in Cape Town, South Africa, over… September 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigeria has pulled out of the World Economic Forum holding in Cape Town, South Africa, days after it said it was going to take "definitive measures" on the xenophobic attacks on her citizens in the country. "Nigerian government has boycotted the World Economic Forum holding in Cape Town, South Africa,"… September 4, 2019 In "News" Some protesters on Tuesday attacked Shoprite in Circle Mall, Lekki, a South African establishment. The protest is in response to the xenophobic attacks on Nigerians in South Africa. It was reported that some youth invaded the shopping mall, destroyed properties before the police arrived. The xenophobic attacks have been condemned… September 3, 2019 In "Entertainment"