While PSG have continued to dominate Ligue 1 in recent years, the Champions League still alludes this new-look side. The French outfit blew a 2-0 lead vs Manchester United in the round of 16 last season and will be hoping things are different this time around. But the French giants must first get out of Group A, which consists of PSG, Real Madrid, Club Brugge and Galatasaray. PSG’s 2019/20 Champions League campaign kicks off against Real Madrid on Wednesday evening. Real Madrid would announce their 19-man squad for the clash early on Tuesday. Our 19-man squad for the trip to Paris!#RMUCL | #HalaMadrid pic.twitter.com/KKiJ6bJB7c — Real Madrid C.F. 🇬🇧🇺🇸 (@realmadriden) September 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js PARIS, FRANCE – OCTOBER 24: Kylian Mbappe of Paris Saint-Germain looks on during his warm up prior to the Group C match of the UEFA Champions League between Paris Saint-Germain and SSC Napoli at Parc des Princes on October 24, 2018 in Paris, France. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) The Madrid midfield department looks a little bit short-staffed to take on PSG with the likes of Luka Modric, Isco and Marco Asensio all out injured. However, PSG will also be without one of their biggest stars to take on Los Blancos. Mbappe would confirm late on Monday that he will not play vs Madrid but will give all his support from the stands: Mbappe’s tweet translated into English reads as follows: It’s now official, I will not start our European campaign at home against Madrid. I am very sad not to be able to play but I will bring all my support from the stands to the team and I hope to return 100% to still and always give my best. C’est désormais officiel, je ne débuterai pas notre campagne européenne à la maison contre Madrid.
Je suis très triste de ne pas pouvoir jouer mais j’apporterai tout mon soutien depuis les tribunes à l’équipe et j’espère revenir à 100% pour encore et toujours donner mon maximum. pic.twitter.com/e8XNhZnzQL — Kylian Mbappé (@KMbappe) September 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Napoli vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Valencia betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Spanish giant Real Madrid are already preparing for the summer 2018 transfer market and are willing to pay 200 million euros to sign a star player. Paris Saint-Germain’s Brazilian forward Neymar celebrates scoring a goal during the UEFA Champions League Group B football match between RSC Anderlecht and Paris Saint-Germain… November 12, 2017 In "News" Champions League last 16 draw: Emery reacts to Real Madrid vs Paris Saint-Germain  Daily Post NigeriaUEFA Champions League Draw; Real Madrid Vs. Paris Saint-Germain The Marquee Match  ForbesChampions League: Chelsea face Barcelona with Real Madrid drawn against PSG in round of 16  Daily TrustChampions League: What to Expect from a Mouthwatering Knockout Stage  Sports… December 11, 2017 In "World" Spanish forward Jese has joined Stoke City on a season-long loan from Paris Saint-Germain, the two clubs announced on Wednesday. Spanish forward Jese has joined Stoke City on a season-long loan from Paris Saint-Germain, the two clubs announced on Wednesday."Jese was a man in demand when PSG made it clear… August 17, 2017 In "News"