The Premier League has been back for just shy of one month now and along with it, Fantasy Premier League. We are four game weeks into the new PL season and are starting to get an idea about who the potential stars of the new season could be and who probably isn’t worth your money. With the first international break of 2019/20 upon us, now may be a good time to reassess your FPL squad and perhaps make some changes. Some people may also use this break, if you haven’t already, to play your wildcard. If you are playing your wildcard or are just looking for some advice on who is a good purchase, here are four players who have impressed in the opening four weeks and could prove solid additions to your side.  BOURNEMOUTH, ENGLAND – AUGUST 25: Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City warms up prior to the Premier League match between AFC Bournemouth and Manchester City at Vitality Stadium on August 25, 2019 in Bournemouth, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matt McNulty – Manchester City/Manchester City FC via Getty Images) Kevin De Bruyne had a pretty average 2018/19 campaign. This was partly due to his injury troubles. In the 19 PL appearances he did manage last season, the Belgian scored two and assisted just two. A very average record and perhaps why he started this season priced at just 9.5. However, after such an impressive start to the 2019/20 campaign, De Bruyne has already risen by 0.3. KDB has started Manchester City’s first four Premier League games of this season and has already registered one goal and five assists, three more assists than he managed in 19 league outings last season. As a result, De Bruyne is currently third on the FPL midfielder leaderboard. He is level on points with Mohamed Salah and one point behind Raheem Sterling. De Bruyne is a fair bit cheaper than Sterling and Salah though who currently cost you 12.3 and 12.5. City also have a pretty favorable fixture in the next game week. They travel to Norwich City who have conceded 10 goals in their opening four PL games, the worst defensive record in the division. Ashley Barnes has started the season in excellent form for Burnley. The 29-year-old bagged himself a brace in Burnley’s opening Premier League game of the season vs Southampton. Barnes once again found the back of the net in the Claret’s proceeding two league outings vs Arsenal and Wolves. Barnes did draw a blank in Burnley’s last outing but to be fair to him, it was against Liverpool. Sean Dyche’s side now have a fairly easy set of games coming up that could make Barnes a very attractive purchase. Burnley’s first game back after the international break is against Brighton. The Clarets then face Norwich, who currently have the worst defence in the English top-flight, followed by a clash with newly-promoted Aston Villa. Sebastien Haller had a solid goal and assist record for Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga last season. In 29 league ties, Haller managed to score 15 and assist nine. Haller then signed for West Ham over the summer. West Ham’s opening game of the 2019/20 season against Manchester City, plus the gamble of not knowing how he would perform in the PL may have put some people of signing the Frenchman. Haller would blank vs Man City and then missed West Ham’s next league outing vs Brighton. However, Haller has since returned to the Hammer’s matchday squad for their PL ties vs Watford and Norwich. The 25-year-old would score a brace vs Watford and one vs Norwich. If Haller can keep that sort of form up throughout the season he could prove a real bargain at 7.5. West Ham’s next Premier League clash is against Aston Villa.   First win at home ✅ thanks for your support ! COME ON YOU IRONS ⚒ #coyi A post shared by  Sébastien Haller (@sebastien.haller) on Sep 1, 2019 at 2:44am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Teemu Pukki has been one of the top performers in FPL so far this season. The Norwich City man has had a superb start to life in England’s top division. In four PL games Pukki has found the back of the net five times and provided one assist. Pukki’s excellent form has also seen him named the PFA Premier League Player of the Month for August. Thanks to your votes, Teemu Pukki has been named the PFA Premier League Player of the Month! #ncfc pic.twitter.com/Pw14sRSYQm — Norwich City FC (@NorwichCityFC) September 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Norwich’s next game is against Man City so you may wish to leave it a game week before signing Pukki. However, with City missing Aymeric Laporte and Pukki having already scored against Liverpool and Chelsea this season, it may be worth adding him to your side for game week five. Furthermore, after City, Norwich have a pretty kind set of league games vs Burnley, Aston Villa and Crystal Palace. See also: Arsenal, Chelsea & Tottenham: 25-man Premier League squads confirmed Dejan Lovren opens up on Liverpool summer transfer saga Source: Great Goals