Granit Xhaka has responded to his and Arsenal’s critics following their draw against north London rivals Tottenham at the weekend. The Gunners came up against their rivals on Super Sunday and the game certainly didn’t start the way they would have hoped. Tottenham took the lead through Christian Eriksen in the 10th minute. That was then followed up by Harry Kane, who scored from the penalty spot in the 40th minute after Granit Xhaka wiped out Heung-min Son in the box. Thankfully for both Xhaka and Arsenal, the Gunners came back to draw the game. Alexandre Lacazette scored just before the break to get one back for Arsenal, before Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang brought the Gunners level in the 71st minute. Arsenal also had some decent chances to win the game, with a goal also being ruled out for offside. Arsenal’s Gabonese striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (CL) and Arsenal’s French midfielder Matteo Guendouzi (CR) celebrate after Aubameyang latched onto Guendouzi’s pass to score their second goal to equalise 2-2 during the English Premier League football match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium in London on September 1, 2019. (Photo by Ben STANSALL / AFP) / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or ‘live’ services. Online in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No video emulation. Social media in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No use in betting publications, games or single club/league/player publications. / (Photo credit should read BEN STANSALL/AFP/Getty Images) Now, Granit Xhaka has responded to his critics relating to his penalty error, as well as those who criticised Arsenal’s first half performance. Speaking while on international duty, Xhaka suggested that people always focus on the mistakes or misses, rather than the full performance. “Of course critics are always here. The north London derby, I think we had a good game,” Xhaka explained, as quoted by the Mirror. “I made a mistake with the penalty but if you saw the game, we could have won. “We had a lot of chances but this is football. Nobody speaks about the chances, nobody speaks about how many we missed. “They always speak about the mistakes. This is part of football.”   Good to be back with @nationalteams_sfvasf We continue on our adventure to the Euros #HoppSchwiiz #GX10 A post shared by  Granit Xhaka (@granitxhaka) on Sep 2, 2019 at 6:33am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who did impress on Sunday was Matteo Guendouzi. The Frenchman was key in Arsenal’s threat. Now, Robert Pires has explained why Guendouzi is an important player for the Gunners. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals Arsenal 2-Tottenham 2 Arsenal hosted Tottenham this past Saturday in the first North London derby of the 2019/20 season. The Gunners found themselves 2-0 down heading into the break before Alexandre Lacazette pulled one back on the stroke of half time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang would then bring Arsenal level with honors… September 3, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal's Gabonese striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang celebrates after scoring their second goal during the English Premier League football match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium in London on December 2, 2018. Adrian DENNIS / AFP Arsenal won an explosive north London derby as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's brace and Alexandre… December 2, 2018 In "News" Arsenal’s 11-game winning run in all competitions ended with a 2-2 draw at Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Sunday. According to dailymail.co.uk. Luka Milivojevic converted a penalty – his second of the afternoon – in the 83rd minute to earn Palace a point at Selhurst Park as Arsenal… October 29, 2018 In "News"