 On Wednesday, September 4, 2019, Sony Music West Africa hosted a private listening of Davido‘s upcoming album “A Good Time”. The event was anchored by MTV Base TV Host, Ehiz. Davido’s day one supporters and Nigerian music heavyweights were in attendance: DJ Jimmy Jatt, Olisa Adibua, Moet Abebe amongst others. Davido took guests down memory lane from how his career started to the little phase where he felt boxed as a singer and how he eventually conquered that phase by reuniting with his old time associates: Asa Asika and Shizzi. Announcing the title of the album, the singer said all songs on it were produced by Nigerian producers except for one. The new body of work is set for release in October. The album titled: “A Good Time” will comprise of 10-13 tracks. Guests were treated to exclusive listening of three songs off the album and Meek Mill‘s verse on “Blow My Mind”. Speaking on the album, the General Manager, Sony Music West Africa, Oluwaseun LIyod better known as Sir Banko said: The post Davido’s Hosts Private Listening for Upcoming Album “A Good Time” & Here’s What Went Down appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija I remember how elated I was when I received a dm from a friend who worked with Davido’s management team The Plug that I was one of the few people shortlisted for Davido’s listening party. It was like a dream come true. I don’t hide the sentiment I share for… September 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" …Says:I’m ready to fly Ex-winner of Project Fame West Africa season 8, Jeff Akoh was in the spotlight  during the week, after he held a listening session for his debut album, “Lokoja”, to announce his readiness to hold his own in the country’s music scene. The listening session, which was… October 28, 2017 In "News" My anticipation for Davido’s single Blow My Mind (featuring Chris Brown) hit the rocks when Burna Boy released his highly-anticipated album African Giant. Although Davido was actively and aggressively promoting the single even before its release, Burna Boy easily took up all the spotlight. He was trending on social media… July 31, 2019 In "Music/Video"