Chelsea traveled to Wolves on Saturday in one of five 3 pm Premier League kick-offs. The Blues headed into the game with just one win from their opening four PL games under Frank Lampard. But they were up against a Wolves side who had yet to pick up a single win in the 2019/20 PL campaign. After a slightly slow start young Chelsea defender Fikayo Tomori put his side 1-0 up in the 31st minute. Tammy Abraham would then bag a brace between the 34th and 41st minute to give Lampard’s side a commanding 3-0 lead heading into the break. Abraham would then earn his hat-trick in the 56th minute. Wolves would pull one back in the 70th minute and then again in the 85th minute but it was too little too late with Mason Mount making it 5-2 in the 90th minute. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) Antonio Rudiger would start for Chelsea vs Wolves. It was the German’s first league start for Chelsea this season after recovering from an injury sustained back in the 2018/19 campaign. However, Rudiger would be subbed off at half-time vs Wolves. Given Chelsea were 3-0 up at the time it doesn’t seem too likely Rudiger being taken off was tactical. There was some speculation on Twitter that Rudiger’s withdrawal was due to injury. Goal’s Chelsea correspondent Nizaar Kinsella tweeted that Rudiger looked to be limping after he cleared the ball and his momentum took him off the pitch. Rudiger cleared the ball in the first half and his momentum took him 10 yards off the pitch. Looked to be limping from then until half-time. — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) September 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
The Athletics’ Liam Twomey also tweeted that Rudiger looked to have tweaked something towards the end of the first half. Zouma is coming on. Rudiger looked like he tweaked something towards the end of the half #cfc — Liam Twomey (@liam_twomey) September 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Now, after the game, according to Chelsea’s official Twitter account, Lampard has confirmed Rudiger sustained a groin injury late in the first half. Frank reports on Rudiger’s half-time withdrawal, saying the German sustained a groin injury as he ran off the field late in the first half. The change was more than a precaution and will be assessed in the next few days.#WOLCHE — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Norwich vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals