Victor Moses made the switch to Chelsea in August of 2012, moving from Wigan. Moses has racked up 128 appearances for the Blues, scoring 18 and assisting 13. While Moses is naturally a right-winger, a case could be made that his best season at Stamford Bridge was when he was deployed slightly further back. The 28-year-old played 40 games across all competitions for Chelsea in the season they won the Premier League under Antonio Conte. However, Conte often preferred to play five at the back with Moses deployed on the right-hand side of that five. Antonio Conte then left Chelsea in the summer of 2018 with Maurizio Sarri taking over for the 2018/19 campaign. With Sarri preferring a four at the back, Moses found his game time very limited in the first half of the 2018/19 season. Moses made just two Premier League appearances under Sarri, both of which came from the bench. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) Moses was then loaned to Turkish outfit Fenerbahce in January of 2019. The Nigerian scored four goals in 14 league games last season for Fenerbahce. Moses is currently still on loan with Fenerbahce until the end of this current campaign. According to Goal, Fenerbahce have the option to buy Moses once his loan ends. However, the same report from Goal states it is highly unlikely Fenerbahce will choose to do so: Fenerbahce are highly unlikely to sign Victor Moses on a permanent deal, despite having the option to buy the winger at the end of their loan agreement. The report from Goal also claims Moses’ wage and the fee required to sign him makes the Chelsea man too expensive for Fenerbahce. ⚽️ A post shared by  Victor Moses (@victormoses) on Aug 10, 2019 at 12:39am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Related: Roberto Mancini eases fears over injury picked up by Chelsea’s Emerson Chelsea expect to do transfer business in January – Mirror Source: Great Goals