On Thursday, the UK government have issued their latest report into football-related arrests and banning orders from last season. The headline findings of the report are as follows. There were 1381 arrests last season at football matches, which is a 10% decrease on the previous season. Today’s arrest figures are a new low record. In addition, the British Transport Police made 155 football-related arrests. As of 1 August 2019, 1771 banning orders were in force. That represents a decrease of 3% on the previous season. Newcastle United (71) lead the list when it comes to football banning orders. When it comes to which clubs suffered the most arrests, Stoke City lead the way. 80 Stoke City fans were arrested last season. However, it’s worth remembering that 62 of those arrests were linked to a match between Stoke and Port Vale in December 2018. Footage has emerged of a football fan jumping on top of a woman’s car after the Checkatrade trophy game between Port Vale and Stoke City u21s last night. Read about what happened at Vale Park stadium: https://t.co/RoPgYr01dr pic.twitter.com/4gp8sScJam — ITV News Central (@ITVCentral) December 5, 2018 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This is how Stoke fans left the away end at Port Vale last night… 😳😳 #SCFC #PVFC pic.twitter.com/1sSyS34BY0 — The Away Fans Videos (@TheAwayFansVids) December 5, 2018 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Second in the list are Leeds United. 29 Leeds supporters were arrested last season. Third in the table are Aston Villa (42) followed by fellow Premier League newbies Sheffield United (41). Premier League champions Man City (39) round off the top five clubs with the most arrests. As ever with official crime statistics, we need to be cautious about assuming they mirror the actual levels of criminality experienced or occurring. Nevertheless, they make it difficult to maintain the narrative that football disorder is increasing. — Geoff Pearson (@Geoff_Pearson) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js There are more arrests in the 18-34 age group than any other lending weight to my argument that we should see more intervention initiatives by FCs & where appropriate, in conjunction with local police Most FCs have community arms so there’s no real reason for this not to happen https://t.co/s9rfObfI6F — FSA Faircop (@FSA_FairCop) September 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Southampton vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions. Cristiano Ronaldo explains his hand gesture vs Atletico & the search to find Edna from McDonald’s. Source: Great Goals Frank Lampard’s Derby side needed a victory to guarantee sixth place and they could start celebrating after two goals in three minutes in the second half from Mason Bennett and Harry Wilson settled the jitters. West Brom, already assured of fourth spot, had equalised just after halftime through Stefan Johansen… May 5, 2019 In "News" By Johnny Edward: Nigeria's trio of Kelechi Iheanacho, Wilfred Ndidi and Ahmed Musa will prepare for a tricky match in the Second Round of the  Carabao Cup (formally known as the English Football League Cup) when they travel with Leicester City to Bramall Lane to face Sheffield United, a second tier side in… August 10, 2017 In "Sports" Premier League side Stoke City have shown interest to sign Super Eagles striker, Odion Ighalo, from Chinese Super League club Changchun Yatai, Completesportsnigeria.com report’s. Ighalo was part of the Watford side that won promotion to the Premier League in 2015 – then scored 15 goals in his Premier League debut… November 24, 2017 In "Sports"