Brainee – Chapter 1 (EP) Bursting out on to the main scene with a monster street-hop single titled “Gbese”, Brainee is widely regarded as one of Nigeria’s leading young talents and the Rebel Movement act is surely determined to show that he is not a flash-in-the-pan act with this wonderfully curated 8-track extended play titled “Chapter 1“. Brainee – Chapter 1 (EP) Tracklist Kicking off with the already familiar street banger “Gbese”, Brainee goes ahead to exhibit his excellent lyrical craftsmanship with tracks like “Monday” and “Overload”. He goes ahead to combine afro-pop brilliantly with some exquisite rap on “Vanilla”, “Friday” and “Alcohol”, thereby cementing his place as a strong contender for the next big thing on the Nigerian music stage. “Chapter 1” is available on all music platforms! DOWNLOAD: Brainee ft. CKay – Alchohol  ITUNES/APPLE MUSIC The post Brainee – Chapter 1 (EP) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Bursting out on to the main scene with a monster street-hop single titled “Gbese”, Brainee is widely regarded as one of Nigeria’s leading young talents and the Rebel Movement act is surely determined to show that he is not a flash-in-the-pan act with this wonderfully curated 8-track extended play titled… September 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" Brainee – Monday (Prod. IamBeat) Overview of Brainee – Monday (Prod. IamBeat) Rebel Movement’s Brainee dishes new music after the remix of his street-hop smash “Gbese” which featured Zlatan, Chinko Ekun and DJ Spinall, also appearing on Yemi Alade‘s “Yaji” alongside Slimcase. The praised hip-hop act is gearing up to… July 12, 2019 In "Music/Video" Rebel Movement‘s Brainee dishes new music after the remix of his street-hop smash “Gbese” which featured Zlatan, Chinko Ekun and DJ Spinall and appearing on Yemi Alade‘s “Yaji” alongside Slimcase. The praised hip-hop act is gearing up to release an extended play titled “The Gemini E.P”; and the attention-demanding “Monday”… July 12, 2019 In "Music/Video"