The British Government is an inclusive and diversity-friendly employer.  We value difference, promote equality and challenge discrimination, enhancing our organisational capability. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We do not discriminate on the basis of disability, race, colour, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, veteran status or other category protected by law. We promote family-friendly flexible working opportunities, where operational and security needs allow. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Climate Change Policy Manager Job Ref: 45/19 ABJ
Location: Abuja
Job Category: Foreign and Commonwealth Office (Policy & Political roles)
Job Subcategory: Economic and Prosperity
Grade: C4 (L)
Type of Position: Fixed Term
Duration of Post: 24 months
Type of Post: British High Commission
Start Date: 24th February, 2020 Main purpose of Job Roles and Responsibilities Essential Qualifications, Skills and Experience Desirable qualifications, skills and experience: Required competencies: Starting Monthly Salary
N827,892.98. Other Benefits and Conditions of Employment: Application Deadline  
23rd December, 2019. The post Climate Change Policy Manager at British High Commission (BHC) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ The British Government is an inclusive and diversity-friendly employer. We value difference, promote equality and challenge discrimination, enhancing our organisational capability. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We do not discriminate on the basis of disability, race, colour, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, veteran status… June 10, 2019 In "Jobs" The British Government is an inclusive and diversity-friendly employer.  We value difference, promote equality and challenge discrimination, enhancing our organisational capability. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We do not discriminate on the basis of disability, race, colour, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, veteran status… October 29, 2019 In "Gists" The British Government is an inclusive and diversity-friendly employer. We value difference, promote equality and challenge discrimination, enhancing our organisational capability. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We do not discriminate on the basis of disability, race, colour, ethnicity, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, veteran status… November 30, 2019 In "Gists"