As confirmed by the Guardian this evening, a Chelsea supporter present at his side’s meeting with Spurs yesterday has been arrested over the racial abuse of Heung-min Son. Frank Lampard’s men visited the Tottenham Hotspur stadium a little over 24 hours ago, for a crunch Premier League derby clash. The matchup came as a crucial one for both sides, in their respective hunts for a top-4 berth. Ahead of kick-off, it was Chelsea who occupied the English top-flight’s final Champions League place. The Blues, though, headed into proceedings amid a dismal spell of form, having fallen to 4 defeats in their previous 5 league fixtures. Spurs, on the other hand, had notched 4 wins in their last 5, following Jose Mourinho’s appointment. As such, the hosts were viewed by many as favourites ahead of kick-off. When all was said and done in north London, though, form went out the window, as Chelsea put their capital rivals to the sword by 2 goals to nil. A superb performance on the part of Lampard’s outfit eventually saw a first-half brace from Willian prove the difference between the sides. 1 – José Mourinho suffered his first ever home defeat against a team he had previously managed, having gone unbeaten in the previous 13 across all competitions (W12 D1). Melancholy. pic.twitter.com/zsh7wgINWM — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Yesterday’s proceedings in the English capital, though, were unfortunately marred by several incidents of racist behaviour. Late in the second-half, Antonio Rudiger gestured that he had been targeted by members of the home crowd, resulting in three separate announcements over the Public Address system. Announcement over the PA system here says “racist behaviour is interfering with the game”. Appalling for English football, yet again. — James Olley (@JamesOlley) December 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Spurs have since released a statement, assuring that they will be ‘exhaustively investigating this matter.’ In a further alarming update today, though, it has been confirmed that the despicable behaviour at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium did not come solely on the part of small sections of the hosts’ fanbase. There was also racial abuse aimed in the direction of Spurs’ Heung-min Son, from the Chelsea crowd. This incident, while not picked up on by Son himself during the clash, was actually highlighted by a fellow Blues fan, who was in attendance at yesterday’s clash. The supporter in question was subsequently ejected from the stadium, and placed under arrest. The Metropolitan Police have since released the following statement on the matter: ‘Police were made aware of alleged racist chanting during the second half of the Tottenham vs Chelsea match on Sunday, 22 December. Officers will work with the club in an attempt to identify any people responsible.’ Quotes via the Guardian Mateo Kovacic set to miss Chelsea’s clash with Southampton due to suspension Chelsea & Man City dominate Alan Shearer’s Premier League Team of the Decade Source: Great Goals