Wolves came out on top in a dramatic clash with Manchester City at Molineux on Friday night, with Liverpool now clear at the top of the table. Pep Guardiola’s City were in desperate need of a win to keep up with Liverpool at the top of the Premier League table. Though, they certainly got off to a less than ideal start. Brazilian goalkeeper Ederson was given a straight red card for bringing down Diogo Jota, who was clean through on goal outside the box. While you’d have expected Wolves to go on and dominate the game, it was actually Manchester City who took the lead. A penalty from Manchester City’s Raheem Sterling was saved by Rui Patricio, but retaken due to encroachment. Sterling then saw his penalty saved again, before scoring the rebound. Sterling would then score his second of the game in the 50th minute, chipping Patricio after being played through by Kevin De Bruyne. Though, Adama Traore got one back for Wolves, before goals from Raúl Jiménez and Matt Doherty sealed an incredible win. Manchester City could simply not afford to drop any points this evening. The Reds comprehensively beat Leicester on boxing day, with the pressure placed on Man City’s shoulders. That meant that nothing less than a win was good enough for Pep Guardiola and his side. After Matt Doherty’s late goal, City remain a whopping 14 points behind Liverpool, and are still one point behind Leicester. Liverpool do now have a run of difficult games, where they will face the likes of Spurs and Manchester United, though it now looks an impossible task for Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City. The Reds also have a game in hand, which could take them 17 points clear if they can beat West Ham. The Premier League trophy looks to be heading to Merseyside. WOLVES COMPLETE THE COMEBACK From two goals down, @Wolves have pulled off the remarkable! What a move this was, ended by Matt Doherty!#PLonPrime #WOLMCI pic.twitter.com/lJobTtiQeG — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 27, 2019 What a season Adama Traore is having. The winger has never really got going in the Premier League but this is no doubt the peak of his domestic form. His goal to get Wolves back into the game tonight took him to four for the season, three more than his tally last season. He then grabbed his seventh assist in all competitions when he put it on a plate for Raúl Jiménez. If he can continue his fine form, he may live up to the potential that was placed upon him in Barcelona’s famous ‘La Masia’ academy. Better late than never. Adama Traore LOVES playing against Man City!@Wolves are back in the game Watch #WOLMCI live https://t.co/Q1mDhiSCZZ #PLonPrime pic.twitter.com/dYAouY0PaJ — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 27, 2019 It’s safe to say that Manchester City’s penalty was nothing less than controversial. Leander Dendoncker stood on Riyad Mahrez’s foot, with the Algerian going down theatrically. Referee Martin Atkinson did not give the penalty, but was overruled by VAR after a lengthy review. While there was contact made, it certainly looked a soft penalty and the decision was met with a decent amount of criticism. One of the biggest issues with VAR is the lack of pitchside monitors being used. As pointed out by Roberto Martinez at half-time, the decision would have been much easier to understand if Atkinson had looked at the monitor and decided he had made a mistake. Whether the Premier League will listen to the criticism is yet to be seen, but something has to give. Here is the penalty decision awarded by VAR Right call?! #PLonPrime #WOLMCI pic.twitter.com/i2JXVVEpy7 — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 27, 2019 Another piece of controversy with Manchester City’s penalty is the retake. After Sterling missed his spot-kick, Conor Coady was adjudged to have encroached before clearing the ball. That lead to the penalty being retaken, where Sterling would miss again, but score the rebound. Again, the referee did not give encroachment, but VAR informed Martin Atkinson that the offence had taken place. This was another decision met with widespread criticism, though, by the letter of the law, was the correct one. VAR gives penalty
Sterling misses penalty
VAR orders retake due to encroachment
Sterling scores What do you make of that?!#PLonPrime #WOLMCI pic.twitter.com/0So51x7aCX — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 27, 2019  See also: Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals