Unai Emery was sacked by Arsenal at the back end of November after a dismal start to the 2019/20 campaign. Former Arsenal star Freddie Ljungberg has been the man tasked with steadying the ship since Emery’s departure. But Ljungberg hasn’t enjoyed the most prolific time in the Arsenal dugout. In total, Ljungberg has taken charge of five Arsenal fixtures across all competitions. In that time the Gunners have amassed just one victory and that win came against a very lackluster West Ham side. The North London outfit are also sat 10th in the Premier League with a top-four finish looking increasingly unlikely this term. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 05: Freddie Ljungberg the head coach / manager of Arsenal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Brighton & Hove Albion at Emirates Stadium on December 5, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) As a result, the Arsenal faithful are probably keen to have a permanent boss appointed as soon as possible. The man who looks set to take the reins at Arsenal is one of their former players, Mikel Arteta. Arteta is currently one of Pep Guardiola’s assistants at Manchester City. And the Gunners will probably be hoping Arteta has picked up one or two things from the decorated City boss. It was reported earlier this week that the Arteta had held a meeting with Arsenal to discuss the managerial vacancy. The Evening Standard then provided a fresh update on the situation on Wednesday, stating it would now take a drastic U-turn for Arteta not be appointed to succeed Unai Emery. But The Times have reported that while it is understood Arteta has agreed to take the position, Arsenal are still to agree compensation with Manchester City for the Spaniard. See also: Manchester United vs Colchester betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Napoli reportedly table offer for Arsenal’s Lucas Torreira   Source: Great Goals Could Arteta be the next Arsenal boss? Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has responded to reports linking assistant Mikel Arteta with the Arsenal job after Unai Emery’s sacking. Arteta has been linked with Arsenal ever since Emery was given his marching orders a week ago. Emery and Arsenal had started… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Simon Collings of the Evening Standard has this afternoon provided an update on the timeframe for Mikel Arteta’s potential appointment at Arsenal. Arsenal downed The Gunners welcomed Manchester City to the Emirates on Sunday evening, for their latest Premier League clash. The matchup came as Arsenal’s 5th under the guidance… December 17, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from James Olley of the Evening Standard, Arsenal view interim boss Freddie Ljungberg as a candidate to be named as the club’s next permanent manager. Emery out The news that Gunners fans across the globe had been waiting for finally arrived last Friday morning. A Europa… December 2, 2019 In "Sports"