Everton are reportedly set to confirm Carlo Ancelotti as their new boss by the end of the week, replacing caretaker boss Duncan Ferguson. The Toffees were in free fall under Marco Silva, finding themselves in the relegation zone after the 5-2 thrashing at Liverpool. That result lead to Silva’s sacking and Duncan Ferguson was placed in charge. Surprisingly, Everton’s form took a drastic upturn. The Blues beat Chelsea 3-1 at Goodison Park, before holding Manchester United to a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford. Despite the work he has done, Ferguson looks set to step aside at Everton to make way for a new permanent manager. According to reports, that new manager will be in by the end of the week. Massimiliano Allegri & Carlo Ancelotti during the UEFA Champions League Semi Final, second leg match between Real Madrid and Juventus at Estadio Santiago Bernabeu on May 13, 2015 in Madrid, Spain. According to Sky Sports, Carlo Ancelotti will be confirmed as Everton boss by the end of the week. Ancelotti, on the face of it, looks a coup for the Toffees having won titles almost everywhere he’s been. Considered an elite name, Ancelotti could be the final piece of the jigsaw Everton need to move forward. According to Sky: ‘Carlo Ancelotti is expected to be confirmed as Everton’s new permanent manager by the end of this week’. They claim he’s been offered a four-and-a-half-year contract and could take charge of Everton’s boxing day clash with Burnley. Duncan Ferguson will also be kept on as an assistant to Ancelotti after his impressive interim work. All that’s left is for Ancelotti according to the report is ‘to end his contract with Napoli and that is expected to be resolved by Wednesday.’ After that, he will be tasked with guiding Everton away from the relegation battle and up the table. R I C H A R L I S O N A post shared by  Everton (@everton) on Dec 17, 2019 at 6:43am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Everton vs Leicester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Oxford United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Manchester United vs Colchester betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Conflicting reports surrounding a rumoured meeting between Carlo Ancelotti and the Everton board have emerged online this evening. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at the hands… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" Everton plotting ambitious move Everton will reportedly hold talks with recently sacked manager Carlo Ancelotti, after his Napoli dismissal on Tuesday evening. Ancelotti was sacked by the Italian club having just beat KRC Genk 4-0 in the Champions League, securing their place in the knockout stages. However, their league form… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" A Premier League return for Ancelotti? Former Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti is reportedly on Everton’s shortlist to replace Marco Silva after he was sacked on Thursday evening. Everton had only won four out of their opening 15 games of the season when Silva was sacked, with the 5-2 defeat to… December 6, 2019 In "Sports"