After falling down the centre-back pecking order at Manchester United, Chris Smalling was allowed to leave the Manchester powerhouse on loan over the summer. Smalling opted to sign on a season-long loan with Serie A outfit, AS Roma. Since moving to the Italian capital Smalling has cemented himself as a pivotal member of Roma’s backline. The 30-year-old has featured 14 times across all competitions so far this campaign. And he has put on some standout displays, including vs Brescia were Smalling scored, assisted and helped Roma keep a clean sheet. Smalling’s upsurge in form also looks to have caught the eye of England boss Gareth Southgate. The Mail reported earlier this week that the England boss traveled to Italy to watch Smalling play in Roma’s 0-0 draw with Inter Milan on Friday. Chris Smalling during the Europe League football match AS Roma vs Borussia Monchengladbach at the Olympic Stadium in Rome, on october 24, 2019. (Photo by Silvia Lore/NurPhoto via Getty Images) In light of his superb form of late, Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer recently stated that Smalling will be back in Manchester next season: “Yeah [he will return]. “Chris has been fantastic, but we know sometimes if you change the environment it can go both ways. But Chris is the type to relish these challenges. “He’s cultured, enjoys life down there. It’s a new experience for him, and he is a boy who couldn’t be here without being a regular and I’m so happy for him. We can see the top player he is.” As quoted by the Sun. However, Smalling has previously been linked with a permanent switch to Rome. And now, the Mirror are reporting that Arsenal are among a number of Premier League clubs who want to bring Smalling back to English football next summer. The same report from the Mirror also alleges that Leicester and Everton are also among the clubs keeping tabs on Smalling. See also: West Ham vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Niko Kovac reportedly wants Arsenal job/why he watched Everton clash Source: Great Goals Roma Standout Chris Smalling’s career has been rather stagnant in recent years. Smalling was even allowed to go out on loan over the summer, showing just how little Ole Gunnar Solskjaer thought he needed the 30-year-old. But given how well Smalling has been playing since his move to Italy, OGS… December 7, 2019 In "Sports" The fine spell of form being enjoyed by on-loan Manchester United man Chris Smalling in Italy continued in AS Roma’s latest outing this afternoon. Roma switch English international Smalling had spent the last 9 years of his career on the books of Premier League giants Manchester United. However, on the… November 24, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from Sky Italia, AS Roma have fallen well short of Manchester United’s valuation with their opening offer for Chris Smalling. Roma stint English international Smalling had spent the last 9 years of his career on the books of Premier League giants Manchester United. However, on the… November 1, 2019 In "Sports"