A graphic, showcasing the total points racked up by the Premier League’s top sides over the last 10 years, has emerged online this evening. The final round of English top-flight fixtures of the decade took place this weekend. Yesterday’s matchups saw Manchester United pick up an impressive 2-0 win at Burnley, Tottenham fight back to notch a point at Norwich, and Watford’s survival hopes given a boost courtesy of a 3-0 drubbing of Aston Villa. Elsewhere, Everton made it 2 wins from 2 under Carlo Ancelotti, Leicester got back on track with a victory at West Ham, Brighton got the better of struggling Bournemouth, and Southampton and Crystal Palace played out a 1-1 draw. This was followed by a trio of further fixtures today. First, Chelsea bested Arsenal in Mikel Arteta’s home debut on the Gunners bench, before Liverpool’s staggering charge towards the Premier League title continued with a hard-fought win over Wolves. And the weekend’s final matchup saw a Kevin De Bruyne-inspired Manchester City get the better of Sheffield United at the Etihad. Kevin De Bruyne’s game by numbers vs. Sheffield United: 98 touches
44 passes in opp.half
13 total duels (most)
6 total crosses (most)
5 shots
4 recoveries
2 tackles
1 chance created
1 assist
1 goal Another brilliant performance. pic.twitter.com/Se20pIEo8y — Squawka Football (@Squawka) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the final set of Premier League fixtures of the 2010s have now been played, as we get set to move into a new decade. And, as outlined above, this has since seen Sky Sports produce a graphic, showcasing the total number of points racked up by the English top-flight’s ‘top-6’ over the course of the last 10 years. Manchester City lead the pack by a distance, with a hefty 818 points. Man United sit 2nd, narrowly ahead of Chelsea, with Liverpool in 4th. Finally, incredibly, Spurs edge out north London rivals Arsenal by a solitary point. 📊The final @premierleague game of the decade has been played – most PL points in the last 10 years:
818 Man City
747 Man Utd
740 Chelsea
710 Liverpool
703 Tottenham
702 Arsenal pic.twitter.com/3wwIw2bGTp — Sky Sports Statto (@SkySportsStatto) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Mikel Arteta hopeful Granit Xhaka doesn’t leave Arsenal Guardiola has no confidence Premier League will make changes to festive schedule Source: Great Goals Liverpool’s victory over Aston Villa this evening saw Jurgen Klopp’s men join Chelsea and Manchester City in the Premier League’s history books. Liverpool win it at the death The Reds travelled to Villa Park a short time ago, for their latest league outing. Liverpool entered proceedings sitting pretty atop the… November 2, 2019 In "Sports" Lagos –Â The curtain will fall on the 2018/2019 English Premier League today with all but the heavily contested winner position decided already. As is regular during season-end situations, clubs will be battling to either avoid relegation or entering into playoffs or even winning the league itself. But for who will… May 12, 2019 In "News" Who were the standout players in the Premier League this weekend? Sol Bamba picks his best XI. There were plenty of star performers in the Premier League over the weekend and it was up to Bamba to pick his best line-up. Everton and Southampton registered much-needed wins, Manchester United produced… January 14, 2019 In "News"