Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. At Microsoft our mission and values are to help people and businesses throughout the world realize their full potential. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below:  Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Nairobi – Kenya, Pakistan, Lagos – Nigeria Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Application Closing Date Not Specified. The post Internship & Exp. Job Recruitment at Microsoft Nigeria (4 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Fadac Resources and Services is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following positions below: 1. Recruitment Consultant (Internship) Location: Lagos Deadline: 30th September, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Sales Representative Locations: Abuja, Lagos, Oyo, Kano and Kwara Deadline:… September 16, 2019 In "Gists" Andela is a network of technology leaders dedicated to advancing human potential. We help companies build high-performing distributed engineering teams by investing in Africa’s most talented software developers. Based in NYC, SF, Lagos, Nairobi, Rwanda and Kampala, Andela is catalyzing the growth of tech ecosystems across the African continent while… June 27, 2019 In "Jobs" Microsoft is the worldwide leader in software, services, devices and solutions, founded in 1975. As a leader in platform and productivity for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, we believe in what people make possible. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. I… September 12, 2019 In "Gists"