Manchester United played their final Europa League group game of the season on Thursday. Heading into the tie with AZ Alkmaar United had already confirmed their spot in the Europa League knockout stages. However, top spot was still up for grabs in Group L. United started the day with 10 points, one point off 2nd place Alkmaar. So, to top the group, all Man United had to do was not lose to the Dutch outfit. The Manchester powerhouse went a step further though and smashed AZ Alkmaar 4-0. Mason Greenwood would bag himself a brace on Thursday with Ashley Young and Juan Mata the other goalscorers. Greenwood also won a penalty, which Mata converted for United’s 3rd of the evening. After he put in a superb display vs Alkmaar, it was announced on Friday that Greenwood had been named the Europa League Player of the Week. Youngest player to score twice in Europe for Manchester United… THAT Mason Greenwood display = #POTW | @hankookreifen pic.twitter.com/vCdXMxM9KY — UEFA Europa League (@EuropaLeague) December 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Man United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer then spoke about Greenwood after the AZ tie. Solskjaer was full of praise for the youngster and stated he is not afraid to play him in the Premier League: “He played against Tottenham & was class. I’m not afraid of playing him in the Premier League. Not at all. “But it’s about sharing the minutes & finding the right minutes for him. Of course he’s ready to play in the Premier League” Solskjaer on Greenwood: “He played against Tottenham & was class. I’m not afraid of playing him in the Premier League. Not at all. But it’s about sharing the minutes & finding the right minutes for him. Of course he’s ready to play in the Premier League” #MUFC — Simon Peach (@SimonPeach) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Man United’s next Premier League outing comes on Sunday vs Everton. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Man United 1-Astana 0 Manchester United kicked off their 2019/20 Europa League campaign on Thursday evening. United would play host to Astana. Despite Man United arguably being the much better side on paper, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side struggled to open the scoring. Man United would eventually take the lead in… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Astana Manchester United are set to kick of their 2019/20 Europa League campaign this coming Thursday. United have bene drawn in Group L alongside AZ Alkmaar, Astana and Partizan. Man United’s first game of the group stages will be against Astana at Old Trafford on Thursday. Astana… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Team news ahead of Europa League clash Manchester United have confirmed their squad for the Europa League clash with AZ Alkmaar on Thursday evening and ahead of their game with Newcastle. The Red Devils have not performed as they would have liked so far this season. Ole Gunnar Solskjær’s United… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"