As per a report from the Daily Mail, Manchester United are concerned that midfielder Scott McTominay could be sidelined for as long as 8 weeks, after picking up knee ligament damage. The Red Devils travelled to Burnley this past weekend, for the club’s latest Premier League outing. United headed into proceedings with spirits high, having bounced back from a shock defeat to Watford with a 4-1 drubbing of Newcastle 2 days prior. And, when all was said and done on Saturday, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men continued to roll. Goals from Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford eventually saw the Manchester giants depart Turf Moor with an impressive 2-0 win. United’s victory at Burnley was made all the more impressive by the fact that it came with a pair of the club’s key performers having been absent. The pair in question were Paul Pogba and Scott McTominay. Pogba missed out as the World Cup winner continues to struggle with a long-standing ankle problem, which has restricted the Frenchman to just 2 appearances since the end of September. McTominay, meanwhile, has been confined to the sidelines since picking up a knee injury versus Newcastle last week. Speaking on the back of his side’s win over the Magpies, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer provided the following update on McTominay, suggesting that the Scot was likely set for a little under a month out of action: ‘He has proven before that if you give him three weeks, he’s back in two! So, I don’t know. It might be three or four weeks. We’ve just got to find a way through it.’ As per the aforementioned update courtesy of the Daily Mail, though, fears are spreading at Old Trafford that McTominay is in fact set for a considerably longer spell on the sidelines. Follow-up scans are said to have confirmed damage to the ligaments in the midfielder’s knee. As a result, United’s medical team have placed a timeframe of around 8 weeks on McTominay’s return to the pitch. Arsenal vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Reports in the English media this evening suggest that Manchester United predict that Scott McTominay could be sidelined for around a month, following the injury picked up by the midfielder during the club’s victory over Brighton. United down Brighton Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men welcomed the Seagulls to Old Trafford yesterday… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" Man United see off Burnley Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off saw Manchester United travel to Burnley. The Red Devils do not have the best away record in the league this term and often struggle against teams below them in the table, which Burnley are. However, the Manchester powerhouse dominated proceedings… December 29, 2019 In "Sports" Man United see off Brighton Manchester United played host to Brighton on Sunday afternoon. United’s last league outing prior to Brighton saw them dealt a 1-0 defeat away to Bournemouth with the Red Devils really struggling away from home in the league this campaign. Luckily for Man United, they were… November 10, 2019 In "Sports"