The 2019 Ballon d’Or ceremony took place earlier this month. After winning their 6th Champions League and amassing 97 points in the Premier League last term, it wasn’t too much of a surprise to see Liverpool dominating the Ballon d’Or rankings. Liverpool had Alisson, Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Virgil van Dijk named in the top 10. However, despite having a quartet of players in the top 10 nominees, it would not be a Liverpool player who earned this year’s Ballon d’Or. Instead, it would be Barcelona’s Lionel Messi who clinched the award, earning his 6th ever Ballon d’Or. Lionel Messi from @FCBarcelona is the 2019 Ballon d’Or winner! THAT’S HIS SIXTH ONE! #ballondor pic.twitter.com/dLndTZNeeW — France Football (@francefootball) December 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After earning his 6th Ballon d’Or, Lionel Messi has now won the award more times than any other player in history. Cristiano Ronaldo previously held the record along with Messi with the Juventus star amassing five Ballon d’Or awards. However, despite winning the Serie A with Juventus and Nations League with Portugal in 2019, Ronaldo only made it to 3rd spot on this year’s rankings. Here is the 2019 Ballon d’Or Top 3 1. Lionel Messi
2. @VirgilvDijk
3. @Cristiano The ranking > https://t.co/cSurv8xUiL #Ballondor pic.twitter.com/nl1fqJM1qP — France Football (@francefootball) December 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Ronaldo’s agent Jorge Mendes has since hit out at Messi winning this year’s Ballon d’Or, labeling it an injustice: “The Ballon d’Or to Messi? For me it’s an injustice. “Cristiano is the best in the history of football. Before him Portugal had not won anything, with him the [2016] European Championship and the Nations League. “The Ballon d’Or? Had he played at Real [Madrid] he would have won it. He has transformed world football, in Portugal, at Real Madrid. It’s impossible to compare him to anyone.” As quoted by ESPN. See also: Monterrey vs Liverpool betting tips: Club World Cup semi-final match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Colchester betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Oxford United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Everton vs Leicester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Virgil van Dijk’s performances in the Champions League final and UEFA Nations League semi finalÂ have spring boarded him ahead of Lionel Messi in the betting for the Ballon d’Or. For 10 years in a row no one could take the Ballon d’Or title off Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, with… June 8, 2019 In "News" Mane misses out on Ballon d’Or top 3 The 2019 Ballon d’Or award ceremony took place earlier this week on December 2nd. It would be Barcelona’s Lionel Messi who walked away with the award for the 6th time, retaking his crown from the 2018 winner, Luka Modric. Messi’s closest rivals… December 7, 2019 In "Sports" Ballon d’Or winner Lionel Messi has today hinted that Liverpool star Sadio Mane was deserving of a higher finish than 4th in the award’s final standings. Messi makes history The latest edition of the ‘Golden Ball’ ceremony took place in Paris this past Monday. The event sees the finest 30… December 5, 2019 In "Sports"