Math week 16 of the 2019/20 Premier League season was once again packed with action. The weekend began with Everton earning a rather surprising 3-1 victory over Chelsea under the guidance of interim-boss, Duncan Ferguson. There was then just three 3 pm PL kick-offs on Saturday, one of which saw Liverpool put Bournemouth to the sword by three goals to nil. Elsewhere in the 3 pm ties, Tottenham hammered Burnley 5-0 with Heung-Min Son scoring a sensational solo goal and Watford drew 0-0 with Crystal Palace Saturday’s late Premier League tie then saw Manchester United get one over on their bitter rivals Manchester City with the Citizens’ PL title hopes now looking extremely bleak. Sunday then saw Leicester smash Aston Villa, Newcastle beat Southampton, Sheffield United picked up all three points vs relegation-battling Norwich and Brighton drew with Wolves. MW16 drew to a close on Monday evening with Arsenal coming from 1-0 down to beat a struggling West Ham side 3-1. NORWICH, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Scott McTominay of Manchester United celebrates after scoring his sides first goal during the Premier League match between Norwich City and Manchester United at Carrow Road on October 27, 2019 in Norwich, United Kingdom. (Photo by Stephen Pond/Getty Images) With MW16 over Alan Shearer has named his latest Premier League Team of the Week. After Jamie Vardy bagged a brace vs Villa, he has once again been named in Shearer’s TOTW. As has his Leicester teammate, Jonny Evans. Manchester United also have two stars named in the Team of the Week after putting on an excellent display vs Man City. The Man United duo named in Shearer’s eleven are Scott McTominay and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. The rest of the TOTW can be seen in full below. Some big calls from @alanshearer Agree with his #PL Team of the Week? pic.twitter.com/RPkx6RJUqH — Premier League (@premierleague) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Chelsea vs Lille betting tips: UEFA Champions League match preview & predictions Dinamo Zagreb vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals MW12 round-up Match week 12 of the 2019/20 Premier League season drew to a close on Sunday evening. The weekend was once again jampacked with enthralling matches that culminated in Liverpool vs Manchester City. MW12 began on Saturday at Stamford Bridge with Chelsea playing host to Crystal Palace. Chelsea continued… November 11, 2019 In "Sports" MW10 round-up Match week 10 of the 2019/20 Premier League season kicked off on Friday the 25th of October with Southampton hosting Leicester. The tie was a hugely entertaining clash for anyone that wasn’t a Saints fan with Leicester putting a staggering nine goals past Ralph Hasenhuttl’s side. Saturday’s early… October 29, 2019 In "Sports" Match week 13 round-up Match week 13 of the 2019/20 Premier League season was once again full of action. The weekend began in London as Jose Mourinho took charge of his first-ever game as Tottenham boss. Despite a shaky end to the tie, Spurs emerged with a solid 3-2 victory… November 27, 2019 In "Sports"