Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided a fitness update on Dejan Lovren, ahead of his side’s meeting with Watford. Klopp’s European champions are set to welcome the struggling Hornets to Anfield tomorrow afternoon, for the weekend’s Premier League opener. The Reds will head into proceedings brimming with confidence, sitting pretty atop the English top-flight, and having secured their spot in the last-16 of the Champions League on Tuesday night. After making short work of Bournemouth last weekend, Liverpool put Red Bull Salzburg to the sword by 2 goals to nil 3 days later. This saw the Merseyside giants top the Group E table, and keep their hopes of retaining their Champions League crown alive. 3 – Liverpool have progressed past the Champions League group stages in all three of their campaigns in the competition under Jürgen Klopp, having failed to do so in their previous two seasons before the German’s arrival (2009-10 and 2014-15). Unstoppable. #SALLIV pic.twitter.com/WlLQIgOvpO — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One blow on an otherwise positive night for Liverpool on Tuesday, however, came on the personnel front. The player to have picked up the problem was Dejan Lovren. Croatian stopper Lovren was actually a major doubt to even feature versus Salzburg, after being forced off during the Reds’ routine victory over Bournemouth. After being opted for from the off by Jurgen Klopp in Austria, though, the 30-year-old’s latest appearance was also brought to a premature end, shortly after the interval. What appeared to be a knee problem saw Lovren pull up on the halfway-line, with the defender having subsequently limped off to be replaced by Joe Gomez. As such, speaking in a press conference this afternoon, Klopp was inevitably drawn on Lovren’s well-being, with the Liverpool boss having confirmed that the former Southampton man has been ruled out of his side’s meeting with Watford: ‘He is out, muscle this time – more serious than last time.’ ‘We don’t have a timeframe.’ ‘It’s a concern, how you can imagine.’ Lovren’s injury comes with fellow central-defender Joel Matip, and emergency stopper Fabinho, both also sidelined with fitness problems of their own. As such, Klopp continued: ‘It’s not the first time we are in a situation like this. Last year, one game Fabinho played at centre-half. Unfortunately he is out as well. It’s not too cool.’ Jürgen Klopp must make at least one change to #LFC‘s starting line-up when @WatfordFC visit Anfield. The latest #LIVWAT team news 👇https://t.co/X3dGUc8I29 — Liverpool FC (@LFC) December 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of their crunch clash with RB Salzburg. Liverpool back in action The European champions are set to wrap up their Champions League group stage endeavours tomorrow evening. Klopp’s men face a tricky trip to Austria,… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" RB Salzburg vs Liverpool Liverpool are set to take on Austrian outfit RB Salzburg on Tuesday evening in their final Champions League clash. After failing to beat Serie A giants Napoli in their last CL tie, Liverpool really can’t afford to slip up vs Salzburg. Granted, the Merseyside powerhouse will… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool were this evening dealt a blow on the injury-front, during the club’s crucial victory over RB Salzburg. Liverpool march on The European champions wrapped up their Champions League group stage endeavours a short time ago. Klopp’s men faced a tricky trip to Austria, to take on surprise package RB… December 10, 2019 In "Sports"