Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers has this evening revealed that he intends to rotate his side’s starting line-up for their meeting with West Ham. The Foxes welcomed Liverpool to the King Power stadium last night, for a crunch Premier League clash. The sides headed into proceedings occupying 1st and 2nd in the English top-flight, with the matchup having been widely-viewed as must-win for Leicester, if the hosts maintained any hope of hunting down Jurgen Klopp’s table-toppers. When all was said and done, however, Liverpool made their utter dominance of this season’s Premier League clear once more. The Reds romped to a 4-0 victory, courtesy of goals from Roberto Firmino (2), James Milner and Trent Alexander-Arnold. As such, on the back of respective defeats to Manchester City and Liverpool, Leicester will find themselves ousted from the Premier League’s top-2 if the former manage even a draw at Wolves tonight. The Foxes have begun to look fatigued of late, with their lack of squad depth compared to the English top-flight’s other top sides having become evident over recent weeks. And this looks set to see Brendan Rodgers opt to rotate his squad for Leicester’s next outing. Speaking in a press conference a short time ago, the Northern Irishman was drawn on whether he intends to shake things up for the club’s meeting with West Ham tomorrow evening, to which Rodgers responded: ‘Yes, just purely for the welfare of the players.’ ‘It’s when you see we put so much into tonight physically and we have a massive January coming up for us as a squad and as a team.’ ‘My fear is that we would be risking too many guys getting injured if we’re playing at 5:30pm on Saturday.’ ‘Normally, in a day where your body is recovering, I’m going to need to make those changes.’ Brendan Rodgers says he will make changes to #lcfc‘s starting XI for #WhuLei 👥 More 👇 — Leicester City (@LCFC) December 27, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals