Nuno Santo has done a phenomenal job since taking the reins at Wolves. Santo was appointed as Wolves boss in July of 2017. In his first season in England Santo would guide Wolves back to the Premier League after a dominant season in the Championship. His first season in the English top-flight was arguably even more impressive as he managed to earn Wolves a very impressive 7th place finish in the Premier League. And due to Manchester City winning both domestic cups last term, 7th place was a Europa League spot. Wolves’ emphatic rise under Nuno has continued this campaign as well. The Wanderers have successfully navigated their Europa League group and have booked their place in the round of 32. Wolves also began the weekend 6th in the PL, only behind 5th spot on goal difference. Group stage A post shared by  Wolves (@wolves) on Dec 13, 2019 at 11:22am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js After having such a superb stint with Wolves, Nuno Santo is now being linked with the Arsenal job. The Gunners are set to take on Manchester City on Sunday without a permanent boss. Freddie Ljungberg is currently the Gunners’ interim boss but his results so far have been fairly poor. Now, as per the Daily Mail, Arsenal will seek talks with Nuno Santo next week over the vacant job. According to the Mail, Santo is one of around 12 candidates which Arsenal wish to speak to: The Wolves boss is one of around 12 candidates the Gunners want to speak to, and the club are set to accelerate their interest in the Portuguese over the coming days. However, Arsenal will have to gain permission from Wolves before holding formal discussions with Nuno. See also: Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Brighton vs Wolves Sunday’s late Premier League kick-off sees Wolves traveling to Brighton. Wolves started the day in 7th spot with Manchester United and Tottenham both overtaking Nuno Santo’s side after picking up victories on Saturday. However, Wolves can reclaim 5th spot by picking up all three points at the… December 8, 2019 In "Sports" Travelling supporters will be disappointed Wolves will play their Europa League clash with Slovan Bratislava behind closed doors after the Slovakian club were punished for racist chants from their fans. Wolves’ campaign has got off to an interesting start. Domestically, Nuno Espírito Santo’s side started the Premier League season poorly.… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Boly’s time at Wolves Willy Boly would join Wolves on loan in the summer of 2017 from FC Porto. After a successful season on loan at the midlands club, which saw Nuno Santo guide them to the Premier League, Wolves signed Boly on a permanent basis for a fee believed… October 6, 2019 In "Sports"