A member of the House of Representatives, Honourable Wumi Ogunlola has dismissed the insinuations making the rounds that the 9th National Assembly was a rubber stamp, clarifying that not all requests from President Muhammadu Buhari were approved by the legislature. The lawmaker, who represents Ekiti Central Constituency II noted that they were elected to represent the interest of their constituents and to make laws that will bring about good governance, adding that both arms of government must operate in an atmosphere of peace for the country to witness all development. Speaking with Journalists in Ijero-Ekiti on Sunday, Ogunlola explained that Nigerians must not assess the performance of the National Assembly with the number of times they disagreed with the president rather their interventions and the quality of laws they made. According to the All Progressives Congress (APC) lawmaker, “I don’t think all that come to the National Assembly from the executive is approved, that is not correct. If you knew what they brought and what was given back to them, either reducing or adding to them , it wasn’t the same thing, in other words, it means some steps were talking by the National Assembly. “I want to believe that it is in peace that we can really forge ahead, it is not when we are at loggerheads and fighting. I think it is the media that believe that it’s until when you fight or when you disagree, that is when you are really playing politics or administering government, whereas it is not. “It’s when we are at peace, that we can sort out things, that we can agree and have meetings of the mind, I want to break what the speaker said to mean, “It is not when we fight that we can keep executives on their toes. It is not as if we don’t disagree, maybe at times, it is not open to you. “If we have misunderstood, there would always be a roundtable talk to forge ahead. The word ‘Rubber Stamp’ is a journalistic language.” While expressing displeasure over the low representation of women in leadership positions, she called for re-orientation of women folks across the country on the need for them to show interest in politics. ” As a result of the oppressive nature of men, women are not being given the privilege, this is somehow, most especially for some of us who have been privileged to be in small position of authority. Things have not really changed, in fact, it’s retrogressing when it comes to representation, women are not being given the numbers they should be given either in the elective or appointment. ” For instance, the time we used to complain of this, then at the National Assembly, we had over 20 per cent, but now, it’s zero points. In the Senate, we have  6, House of Representatives is 12. It’s unfortunate and absurd, especially when we compare it to other countries. “We can only hope and pray, that is the only solace. When efforts failed, normal thing is to resort to prayer,” she said. She assured members of her constituents her determination to sponsor motions and bills in the new year that would enhance the socio-economic lives of the Constituency. Vanguard News Nigeria. The post We are not rubber stamp, not all Buhari’s requests are approved ― Reps member appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Ado-Ekiti – Women have been charged to stand up to men and seek election into various political positions in Nigeria. Wumi Ogunlola, a member of the House of Representatives, representing Ekiti central federal constituency 2, gave the charge after a thanksgiving service to mark her election into the National Assembly. The… July 11, 2019 In "News" Ado-Ekiti – Women have been charged to stand up to men and seek election into various political positions in Nigeria. Honourable Wunmi Ogunlola, a member of the House of Representatives, representing Ekiti Central Federal Constituency II, gave the charge after a thanksgiving to mark her election into the National Assembly.… July 9, 2019 In "News" The Ninth National Assembly has just elected its leadership with the All Progressives Congress (APC), the ruling party, which has majority in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, producing the Senate President and the Deputy Senate President, as well as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and… June 16, 2019 In "News"