With little to play for across the Champions League on Wednesday, it was somewhat of a lacklustre night but there were some big talking points. A lot of teams had already sealed their fate ahead of Wednesday’s games, with just Atalanta and Atletico Madrid sealing their places in the knockout stages. The former beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0 to secure their place in the next stage. Atletico Madrid also beat Lokomotiv Moscow comfortably 2-0, despite Kieran Trippier missing a penalty. Gabriel Jesus scored a hat-trick for Manchester City during their 4-1 win over Dinamo Zagreb, while fellow Premier League club Tottenham were beaten 3-1 by Bayern. Real Madrid made hard work of beating Club Brugge, while Juventus edged past Bayer Leverkusen after a Cristiano Ronaldo goal. Olympiacos beat Red Star 1-0, as Paris Saint-Germain swept Galatasaray aside with a 5-0 win. Here are three talking points from tonight’s football. What a night it’s been for Ryan Sessegnon. The Englishman was rewarded with his full debut against Bayern Munich in the Champions League and made the most of it. Starting the game was enough of an honour, but it was Sessegnon’s performance which broke records. At 19 years & 207 days, Sessegnon is now Tottenham’s youngest ever Champions League goalscorer. A ball from Giovani Lo Celso fell to Sessegnon to the left of Manuel Neuer’s goal, with the winger controlling and smashing the ball past the German goalkeeper. Dele Alli was the previous holder of the record, scoring when he was 20 years & 240 days old. You never know, Sessegnon’s goal could have put him in contention for a start against Wolves at the weekend. Not a bad way to mark your first Champions League start… Ryan Sessegnon slams the ball home to level for Tottenham! What a moment for the youngster pic.twitter.com/H3gRxP5djs — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 11, 2019 It’s been a very difficult start to the season for Neymar. The Brazilian was heavily linked with a move away from Paris Saint-Germain over the summer, with rumours of a return to Barcelona. That saw the PSG fans turn against him before a ball had even been kicked this season. Neymar then struggled with his fitness and injuries started to kick in. However, having recently overcome his problems, Neymar is now slowly getting back to his best. After scoring against Galatasaray tonight, Neymar has now scored in three consecutive games. He had previously scored against FC Nantes and Montpellier in Ligue 1. Neymar also grabbed himself two assists against Galatasaray, assisting Pablo Sarabia and Kylian Mbappe with a superb through ball. He even gave a penalty to teammate Edinson Cavani late on in the game. If he continues this fine form, maybe the PSG fans will start to forgive him! Neymar hits his first Champions League goal of the season pic.twitter.com/3NZHsxzZlg — B/R Football (@brfootball) December 11, 2019 If there’s one thing we know about Manuel Neuer, it’s that he loves to leave his area. The sweeper-keeper may now be a trend at many top clubs, but Neuer continues to challenge the boundaries of a goalkeeper. Against Tottenham tonight, Neuer was his usual self, coming out thwart Jose Mourinho’s side on several occasions. Though, there was one image that circulated social media and it’s an amusing one. Neuer found himself in possession of the ball in left midfield, with a full bank of four defenders behind him! Some things just never change. Neuer playing as left midfielder pic.twitter.com/EeFFJs0uvx — Bayern mania (@Bayern_mania) December 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Standard Liège vs Arsenal betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions Wolves vs Besiktas betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Manchester United vs AZ Alkmaar betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals A great night of football The Champions League group stage continued on Wednesday night, with brilliant clashes including Paris Saint-Germain vs Real Madrid and Atletico vs Juventus. After some entertaining games on Tuesday, there was a brilliant line-up on Wednesday. Starting with PSG vs Real Madrid, it was the French… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian defender Marquinhos (L) and Paris Saint-Germain's French forward Kylian Mbappe celebrate the first goal for their team during the UEFA Champions League football match between Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich, on December 5, 2017 in Munich, southern Germany. / AFP PHOTO / GUENTER SCHIFFMANN Manchester United and… December 6, 2017 In "News" In the last 10 years, Spanish clubs have won six Europa League titles while six have also won the Champions League. The Europa League final between Atletico Madrid and Marseille on Wednesday, May 16 dominated Twitter conversations expectedly as the Spanish giants took home the title after a 3-0 win.… May 17, 2018 In "News"