Issa Diop has been on West Ham’s books since July of 2018. The Hammers are believed to have paid French outfit Toulouse around £22.5m for Diop’s services. In total, the 22-year-old has featured 54 times across all competitions for West Ham. Diop has also shown signs that he is a real talent whilst playing for West Ham. However, a case could be made that the centre-back is by no means the finished article. The Frenchman has also been struggling for game time in recent weeks with Diop managing just two minutes of action in West Ham’s last two league outings. And with the winter window just around the corner, Diop is now being linked with a move to Tottenham. Sky’s Kaveh Solhekol reported on Saturday that Spurs want to sign the West Ham defender. But while West Ham reportedly don’t want to sell him, Solhekol claims in today’s market Diop would be valued at more than £50m. Spurs want to sign West Ham centre back Issa Diop. José Mourinho singled him out for praise when he was in charge at Man United. Diop hasn’t played for almost a month. West Ham don’t want to sell the 22-year-old. In today’s market he would be valued at more than £50m — Kaveh Solhekol (@SkyKaveh) December 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js DERBY, ENGLAND – MAY 11: Jack Clarke of Leeds United applauds the fans at full time during the Sky Bet Championship Play-off Semi Final First Leg match between Derby County and Leeds United at Pride Park Stadium on May 11, 2019 in Derby, England. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) Sky Sports News have also recently published a report concerning Tottenham’s Jack Clarke. The Lilywhites signed the youngster this past summer from Leeds before loaning him back out to the Championship outfit. However, since returning to Leeds, Clarke has found his playing time extremely limited. The 19-year-old had played just 19 minutes of Championship action this term before this weekend’s games. And Sky Sports are now claiming that Tottenham intend to recall Clarke from his loan spell at Leeds in January and assess whether he can join the first-team squad. See also: Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester UnitedÂ are set to offer Â£45m (â‚¬50m/$57m) plus a player in exchange for West Ham defender Issa Diop. The Red Devils are keen to bolster their leaky defence and have turned their attentionÂ to Diop followingÂ Leicester City’s eye-watering demands for Harry Maguire according toÂ Sky Sports. The 22-year-old centre-back has impressed since… June 15, 2019 In "News" The defender, of Senegalese and Moroccan descent, delivered a man-of-the-match display to help the Hammers hit Spurs hard Issa Diop glad with Tottenham shutout in historic West Ham win April 29, 2019 In "Sports" The young centre-half has impressed during his short time in the Premier League and he hopes a senior call up for Les Bleus is on the horizon 'I want to play with Mbappe' - West Ham defender Diop's France ambition November 21, 2018 In "Sports"