Former Juventus and AC Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri has spoken out over his future, amid rumours that he is among the managerial targets being considered by Premier League giants Arsenal. On the back of a dismal start to the campaign, the news that Gunners fans across the globe were waiting for finally arrived this day last week. Following a 2-1 Europa League defeat at home to Eintracht Frankfurt, Unai Emery was relieved of his duties at the Emirates. Club statement: Unai Emery — Arsenal (@Arsenal) November 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Club legend Freddie Ljungberg has since been appointed interim Arsenal boss, with the reliable David Ornstein having confirmed earlier this week that the possibility of the Swede being handed the role on a permanent basis couldn’t be ruled out: Ornstein: ‘Freddie Ljungberg stands a chance, don’t know how big a chance. I do think it will be an external candidate and I do think that despite not being in a huge rush or panic, they will look to do it sooner rather than later’ — Z (@ZR_7G1) December 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This, though, was before the north Londoners fell to a 2-1 defeat at home to Brighton last night. Their side’s latest loss has since seen many Arsenal fans call Ljungberg’s credentials into question, with the former winger having no prior experience of management at the top level. As such, a number of alternative appointments on the bench at the Emirates continue to be touted in the media. These include the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Mikel Arteta and Max Allegri. The latter of these rumoured candidates, meanwhile, has since provided an update on his future. The news, though, is far from positive from an Arsenal perspective, if the Gunners brass were in fact considering an approach for Allegri. Speaking in an interview with the Corriere Della Sera, the Italian tactician was questioned on when he plans to return to management, with Allegri having been out of work since being sacked by Juventus at the end of last season. The former Bianconeri boss, though, confirmed that he will not consider stepping back into the dugout before next summer: ‘Next season. Not before.’ Tottenham vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Bournemouth vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals