Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off sees Southampton playing host to West Ham. Both sides head into the tie in desperate need of a win. Southampton will begin the weekend sat 18th in the English top-flight, although a draw vs West Ham may be enough to move them out of the relegation zone. As for West Ham, they are in horrendous form, winning just one of their last 10 league outings. That awful streak has sucked the Hammers firmly into the relegation battle with Manuel Pellegrini’s men just one point adrift of the drop zone. ROMFORD, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 31: Manuel Pellegrini of West Ham United looks on during his Press Conference after Training at Rush Green on October 31, 2019 in Romford, England. (Photo by Arfa Griffiths/West Ham United FC via Getty Images) Ahead of the pivotal clash with West Ham, Ralph Hasenhuttl held his pre-match press conference on Thursday. During the presser, Hasenhuttl gave updates on three of his players. The Austrian would confirm that Yan Valery, who has been out for the last two weeks will be out for longer and he is dealing with a virus. Hasenhuttl did provide some positive news though, stating the Saints will have Stuart Armstrong as an option for the weekend. The Southampton boss also spoke about Sofiane Boufal, stating the winger is still not able to train without an injection: “Yan Valery was out the last two weeks. He is out for longer, he has a virus, an infection which will take time. “The good thing is that Stu Armstrong is back in training, he’s back with the team – he can be an option for the weekend. “Sofiane is still not able to train without an injection, there’s pain in his toe. So this takes time. We’ve tried to get him fit for the last two games, but it’s not the perfect situation if you aren’t able to train much in the week. “We will have a look how we improve this issue, but for now everyone else is fit.” As quoted by Southampton’s official website. Stuart Armstrong A full rundown of the #SaintsFC team news ahead of Saturday’s St Mary’s showdown with #WHUFC: https://t.co/ZInKPmVieT — Southampton FC (@SouthamptonFC) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals West Ham vs Newcastle Newcastle are set to face off with West Ham United on Saturday afternoon. The Magpies head into the tie in fairly poor form. Steve Bruce’s men have won just two of their opening 10 Premier League outings so far this season and as a result, they… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" West Ham vs Tottenham West Ham will face off with Tottenham in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Both sides head into the tie in desperate need of a victory. The Hammers go into the weekend’s action down in 16th place with a dismal 13 points amassed from their opening 12… November 19, 2019 In "Sports" West Ham continue to struggle West Ham’s torrid start to the 2019/20 campaign continued on Saturday vs Burnley. The Hammers were comprehensively beaten 3-0 at Turf Moor with West Ham’s defence looking pretty incompetent. With Lukasz Fabianski still sidelined, Roberto was once again between the sticks for West Ham and… November 10, 2019 In "Sports"