Former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has drawn comparisons between Liverpool star Mohamed Salah, and Ballon d’Or holder Lionel Messi. Jurgen Klopp’s Reds got their Club World Cup campaign underway a little over 24 hours ago. The European champions went head-to-head with Mexican outfit Monterrey in the competition’s semi-finals. The matchup came as one of two fixtures in the space of 24 hours for Liverpool, with the Merseyside giants having also taken on Aston Villa in the League Cup on Tuesday night. As a result of their wide-ranging commitments, the Premier League table-toppers were forced to split the club’s squad into two groups, with Reds U23 boss Neil Critchley having overseen a 2nd-string panel being put to the sword by 5 goals to nil at Villa Park. The club’s senior players, though, proved more successful in Qatar. .A testing 90 minutes for Liverpool versus Monterrey eventually saw the former emerge with a 2-1 win. The in-form Naby Keita put the English giants ahead with 12 minutes on the clock, before Rogelio Funes Mori quickly pulled underdogs Monterrey level. But, as they have previously done on numerous occasions over the early months of the season, Liverpool found an extra gear when it mattered most, going on to bag an injury-time winner through Roberto Firmino. DOHA, QATAR – DECEMBER 18: Roberto Firmino of Liverpool FC celebrates scoring during FIFA Club World Cup Semi-Final match between Monterrey and Liverpool FC at Education City Stadium on December 18, 2019 in Doha, Qatar. (Photo by MB Media/Getty Images) While he didn’t manage to find the net in his side’s CWC opener, Mohamed Salah nevertheless again played a key role in Liverpool’s victory last night. The Egyptian set up Naby Keita’s opener with a pinpoint reverse pass, notching his 7th assist of the campaign in the process. This is to go along with a 13-goal haul across all competitions. And one individual who feels as though Salah’s role as a creator is evidence of his constant ‘evolution’ is Arsene Wenger. Speaking on beIN Sports on the back of last night’s matchup, former Arsenal boss Wenger went as far as to liken the 27-year-old to world’s finest Lionel Messi: ‘I like his evolution. Because he had touches last night [against Monterrey] of a playmaker.’ ‘He created chances around the box that are exceptional, [there were shades] of Messi in him last night and I like that a guy who can score so many goals also becomes the guy who gives assists.’ ‘That is a complete player. That’s what we all admire and what we want from our players.’ Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals ARSENAL legend Martin Keown thinks Arsene Wenger was too focused on trying to copy the brilliance of Barcelona at the Emirates and that is why his 22-year tenure ended disappointingly. Martin Keown thinks former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger’s downfall was as a result of his desire to emulate Barcelona. The… August 22, 2019 In "News" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp this afternoon provided an update on the fitness of both Georginio Wijnaldum and Virgil van Dijk. Liverpool back in action The Reds are set to get their Club World Cup campaign underway tomorrow evening. Liverpool will go head-to-head with Mexican outfit Monterrey, in a semi-final clash.… December 17, 2019 In "Sports" The Evening Standard have provided an update on the fitness of Mohamed Salah, after the Liverpool star was forced off late in his side’s victory over Tottenham yesterday evening. Salah decides it Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Spurs to Anfield 24 hours ago, for a high-profile Premier League clash. The hosts… October 28, 2019 In "Sports"