Teknokleen Limited – In August 1990, Teknokleen Limited was incorporated to conduct the business of hygiene services and consultancy. Through strategic management and planning, it has become a Group with subsidiaries and involved in the business of integrated facility management services, sales and distribution of cleaning equipment, products and accessories, catering equipment, FF&E items for the hospitality industry, paper products as well as toilet fittings refurbishment services. Currently TEKNOKLEEN is 100% owned by Nigerians. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Receptionist Location: Lagos Job Description Responsibilities Qualifications Application Closing Date
13th December, 2019. The post Receptionist at Teknokleen Limited appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Teknokleen Limited – In August 1990, Teknokleen Limited was incorporated to conduct the business of hygiene services and consultancy. Through strategic management and planning, it has become a Group with subsidiaries and involved in the business of integrated facility management services, sales and distribution of cleaning equipment, products and accessories,… September 25, 2019 In "Gists" Teknokleen Limited – In August 1990, Teknokleen Limited was incorporated to conduct the business of hygiene services and consultancy. Through strategic management and planning, it has become a Group with subsidiaries and involved in the business of integrated facility management services, sales and distribution of cleaning equipment, products and accessories,… July 10, 2019 In "Jobs" Teknokleen Limited – In August 1990, Teknokleen Limited was incorporated to conduct the business of hygiene services and consultancy. Through strategic management and planning, it has become a Group with subsidiaries and involved in the business of integrated facility management services, sales and distribution of cleaning equipment, products and accessories,… July 10, 2019 In "Jobs"