Popular Nigerian London-based Satirist, Mazi Abe Idris of the Mazi & Friends fame is convening a show titled “A Christmas Evening with Mazi & Friends” scheduled to hold on December 29, 2019 at Muri Okunola Hall, Victoria Island, Lagos. Speaking at the media briefing which announced the show, Mazi Abe said therapy is one of the aims of the interactive show because, as Petra Onyegbule, a member of the team said, “laughter is medicine.” Other aims are support of the physically challenged in society and up-coming artists. Alleged cultist docked for murder The show which will feature the Afrobeat Maestro, Dede Mabiaku alongside other musicians and comedians will start from 5p.m till 11p.m. Mazi Abe who is essentially a writer, describes himself as a story teller whose art borders on humor and comedy. “I write about myself and about the adventures of my life,” he said. Abe also describes his language of communication as Nigerian English, not pidgin. Through these stories, he was able to warm his way into the hearts of many people, especially on the social media where he is followed by more than 13, 000 fans. Mazi Abe says he is a Felaist (a believer in the philosophy and ideas of Fela Anikulapo). He has lived in London for 30 years where he conceptualized and began Mazi & Friends before bringing it down to Nigeria. Vanguard The post Nigerian London-based Satirist, Mazi Abe holds Christmas show appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Mr Eazi stormed Mayorkun’s concert at the Muri Okunola Park in Victoria Island over the weekend to show his support as a colleague and personal friend. The “Leg Over” singer alongside TMOL thrilled the watching crowd with some really good music from his list of hit songs. The crowd felt… December 16, 2019 In "Music/Video" Fela and The Kalakuta Queens Date: Saturday, December 23, 2017 – Sunday, January 7, 2018. Time: 3 PM and 7 PM. Venue: The Terra Arena, Plot 1376 Tiamiyu Savage, Victoria Island Lagos. Adekunle Gold + the 79th Element – One Night Stand Date: Tuesday, December 26, 2017. Time: 6 PM.… December 25, 2017 In "News" Hello BellaNaijarians! It’s December! Like, it’s actually December. Wow! Anyway, as with all Decembers in Nigeria, we’re getting an overload of events. Everyone is having a concert, some of them on more than one day. We have comedy shows, beauty pageants, parties, store openings – every kind of event! And… November 28, 2019 In "Entertainment"