Liverpool’s first game following their Club World Cup triumph takes place on December 26th. The Merseyside powerhouse will travel to Leicester in what could be a pivotal tie in the Premier League title race. Liverpool are currently 10 points clear of 2nd place Leicester with a game in hand after the Foxes were comprehensively beaten 3-1 by Manchester City this past weekend. So, should the European champions pick up all three points at the King Power and then win their game in hand, Liverpool would find themselves 16 points clear atop of the PL. Brendan Rodgers’ side will be a tough nut to crack though. Despite their hammering at the hands of City, Leicester still boast the joint-best defensive record in the English top-flight this term. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 14: Jurgen Klopp the head coach / manager of Liverpool during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Watford FC at Anfield on December 14, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) Ahead of the key clash with their title rivals, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp held his pre-match press conference on Tuesday. During the presser, Klopp spoke about Liverpool’s injured stars. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain suffered a nasty-looking injury in the CWC final last week. And Klopp has, on Tuesday, confirmed that the England international has damaged one of his ankle ligaments and he will not play again in 2019: “The ankle [is] what we probably expected; you have three ligaments on the outside of the ankle, one of them is damaged. “Now we have to see how quickly we can fix that. I don’t know exactly. I had that injury myself, but it was years ago and it can take a while or can be quick, we have to see. “No chance for Thursday and no chance for this year; Oxlade will not play anymore [in 2019] that’s clear. “Then we have to see how quickly it can settle.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. Klopp then gave brief updates on Dejan Lovren, Fabinho and Matip with the German stating the trio ‘are in a really good way’ but they don’t have a chance for the Leicester tie: “There is no news on anyone else, which is good news. Both [Lovren and Matip] and Fabinho are in a really good way, but of course not ready for these games.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. See also: Amazon live streaming: Watch every Premier League match on Boxing Day for free from anywhere Lampard confirms Azpilicueta has ‘small issue’ ahead of Southampton/ Chelsea linked with Isco Source: Great Goals Liverpool vs Everton Liverpool and Everton are set to go head-to-head in the first Merseyside derby of the 2019/20 campaign on Wednesday. The Reds start game week 15 sat 11 points clear of last season’s Premier League champions Manchester City who will play Burnley on Tuesday evening. But Liverpool are… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of tomorrow night’s Merseyside derby. Liverpool vs Everton The European champions are set to welcome Everton to Anfield in a little over 24 hours’ time, for a Premier League clash. The two sides, though, will… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Watford Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off saw Liverpool playing host to Watford. The Reds began the day with a commanding eight-point lead atop of the Premier League. That lead could have, temporarily at least, been extended to 11 points with a win over the Hornets. 2nd place Leicester… December 14, 2019 In "Sports"