Y’all would recall we brought you news some hours ago about MI throwing a light shade at Akon for calling Wizkid his little brother which has generated a lot of negative energy from internet users going his way. After, the backlash he got as a result of the infamous opinion, everyone would think the short rapper would retract his opinion but they seemed to be wrong as “Chairman” stands firm on his opinion as well as going further to drop another bombshell. The “Chairman” rapper has yet again taken to his Twitter page to reveal he believes Wizkid has achieved more for African music than Akon has achieved and believes Wizkid is an icon and will always remain nobody’s “lil bro.” He wrote; “I have an opinion: few African artists in diaspora actually did anything to REALLY help the movement.. as a fan of Wizkid (which I am) I don’t see Wiz as lil bro to Akon.. he has overcome larger obstacles to accomplish way more (in my eyes).. In my opinion Wiz is lil bro to none.” This opinion has yet again blown things up with more people roasting MI on the internet and telling him to take a break from using his phone as it would save him the embarrassment he has consciously and unintentionally brought upon himself. See post below: I have an opinion: few African artists in diaspora actually did anything to REALLY help the movement.. as a fan of Wizkid (which I am) I don’t see Wiz as lil bro to Akon.. he has overcome larger obstacles to accomplish way more (in my eyes).. In my opinion Wiz is lil bro to none — Yung denzL (@MI_Abaga) December 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js I have shared my opinion.. you don’t agree. Cool!!! that caption should say ‘with my bro and icon’.. again my opinion.. — Yung denzL (@MI_Abaga) December 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Wizkid Has Achieved More Than Akon, Nobody Should Call Him “Lil bro” – MI Abaga Continues Infamous Twitter Opinion appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive MI Abaga was dipped in hot water last night after making a move on social media many perceived to be clout-chasing. The short-rapper who has majorly been silent on social media since his duel with Vector some months back took to his Twitter page to call-out American-Senegalese superstar, Akon, for… December 31, 2019 In "Music/Video" MI Abaga has warned Akon not to address Wizkid as his little brother, stating that the Nigerian is a little brother to none. Akon had posted a picture he took with Wizkid on stage at Afronation Ghana, though MI didn’t like something about the caption to the post. Akon wrote;… December 31, 2019 In "Entertainment" Teebillz is clearing the air over the alleged relationship between Tiwa Savage and Wizkid. Teebillz has for the first time come out to speak about the relationship between Wizkid and his estranged wife, Tiwa Savage.The music executive took to his Instagram page on Monday, September 10, 2018, where he posted… September 10, 2018 In "News"