The first Merseyside derby of the 2019/20 campaign took place on Wednesday evening. After Manchester City put Burnley to the sword on Tuesday the European champions kicked off at Anfield with the gap between themselves and City reduced to eight points. 2nd place Leicester City were also in action on Wednesday vs bottom of the table Watford and with the Foxes also eight points off Liverpool, Jurgen Klopp’s side really couldn’t afford to slip up vs their bitter rivals. As for Everton, their season has so far, been rather disappointing. Marco Silva’s men began the day in 17th place, just two points above the relegation zone. Liverpool’s starting line-up on Wednesday had a few big changes, one of which was enforced as Adrian came in to replace the suspended Alisson. But it was Liverpool’s attacking trio that caught the eye prior to kick-off. Both Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino started on the bench vs the Toffees with Divock Origi and Xherdan Shaqiri coming into the eleven. #MerseysideDerby team news…#LIVEVE https://t.co/Os4xfXgGSv — Liverpool FC (@LFC) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
As for Everton, they named the same starting eleven from their defeat to Leicester. TEAM NEWS! Unchanged XI
Walcott on the bench COME ON YOU BLUES! #LIVEVE pic.twitter.com/3zdNSAYndj — Everton (@Everton) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Somewhat unsurprisingly it would be Liverpool who started the tie on the front foot as Andy Robertson whipped in a superb cross to Sadio Mane who headed over with less than two minutes on the clock. The Reds then took the lead just a few moments later through last season’s Merseyside derby hero, Origi. Mane played a scintillating ball to the Belgian who knocked it past Jordan Pickford to slot it in and put Klopp’s side in the driver’s seat. Divock Origi against Everton again How about this for an assist from Sadio Mane? #PLonPrime #LIVEVE pic.twitter.com/we7gFlOoB3 — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Another one of Liverpool’s fringe stars then got in on the action 17 minutes in. Sadio Mane was once again the architect playing in Shaqiri who coolly slotted it past the Everton keeper. Trent Alexander-Arnold diagonal
Sadio Mane assist A lovely finish from Xherdan Shaqiri – @LFC are playing beautiful football! #PLonPrime #LIVEVE pic.twitter.com/M7IfWlNP7M — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Everton would respond shortly after though as Michael Keane pulled one back for the Toffees with 20 minutes on the clock. Michael Keane pulls one back Who are you backing to win from here – @LFC or @Everton? #PLonPrime #LIVEVE pic.twitter.com/U4ubbRU0xo — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Keane’s effort did seem to give Everton a new lease of life with Silva’s side upping their tempo a fair bit following the goal. Dominic Calvert Lewin would be nudged off the ball by Virgil van Dijk inside the Liverpool box but VAR decided not to award a spot-kick. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 04: Divock Origi of Liverpool celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Everton FC at Anfield on December 04, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) Origi would once again step up to restore Liverpool’s two-goal cushion though. Dejan Lovren smashed the ball up the pitch to Origi who controlled it well before making it 3-1 in the 32nd minute. Silva responded to Liverpool’s 3rd of the evening by bringing on Bernard for Djibril Sidibe who hadn’t exactly covered himself in glory during the opening exchanges. The substitution had little impact though as Liverpool added to their lead just before the interval with Sadio Mane once again involved in a spectacular counter-attack. But Richarlison would pull another goal back for Everton in first-half injury-time. The Merseyside derby is treating us! goals in the first half as Richarlison makes it 4-2 at Anfield #PLonPrime #LIVEVE pic.twitter.com/wEllH0JwTJ — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The second half was a much calmer affair with neither side threatening too much. Georginio Wijnaldum scored the only goal of the second 45. And after Wednesday’s Premier League action drew to a close, Everton found themselves in the relegation zone by one point due to Southampton beating Norwich earlier in the evening. So, with Everton well and truly in a relegation battle now, surely it is only a matter of time before the Everton higher-ups decide they have had enough of Marco Silva? See also: Arsenal vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Mina injured vs West Ham Everton picked up a much-needed win this past weekend when they saw off West Ham. Bernard and Gylfi Sigurdsson would bag the goals for Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday. During the clash with Manuel Pellegrini’s men, Yerry Mina was one of Everton’s standout stars.… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United vs Liverpool Sunday’s only Premier League game of the day sees Manchester United host Liverpool. The two sides headed into the tie in very contrasting form. Jurgen Klopp’s side would begin the weekend eight points clear at the top of the Premier League after winning their opening eight… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" A risky move Jurgen Klopp has revealed changes to the Liverpool line-up ahead of the game with Everton are tactical, as Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino miss out. The Reds will take on Everton as Amazon Prime Sport’s late game, in what could be a feisty Merseyside derby. After Manchester… December 4, 2019 In "Sports"