Chelsea are reportedly tracking several forwards ahead of the January window after their transfer ban was shortened last week. The Blues were banned from signing players for two transfer windows back in February, which meant they were unable to strengthen in the summer. Chelsea were also set to miss out on the coming January transfer window, but after an appeal Court of Arbitration for Sport, the Blues have had their ban shortened. That has lead to links with several players, including Jadon Sancho. Now, the Guardian report that Chelsea are tracking a number of top forwards ahead of the coming transfer window. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 10: Cesar Azpilicueta of Chelsea celebrates with team mates after scoring his team’s second goal during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and Lille OSC at Stamford Bridge on December 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) According to their report, ‘Borussia Dortmund’s Jadon Sancho, Red Bull Leipzig’s Timo Werner, Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha, Lyon’s Moussa Dembélé and CSKA Moscow’s Fyodor Chalov’ are all being monitored. The report goes on to explain that Frank Lampard has a budget of £150million. Finally, the Guardian suggest Lampard is also considering a £40million move for Nathan Ake. Sancho was linked with a move to Stamford Bridge last week, with Goal suggesting Chelsea were willing to break their transfer record for him. Zaha has also been linked since Chelsea’s transfer ban was lifted. The new names that stick out are no doubt Timo Werner, Moussa Dembele and Fyodor Chalov. Tammy Abraham has been Chelsea’s main striker this season, scoring an impressive 13 goals so far. Frank Lampard also has Michy Batshuayi and Olivier Giroud in reserve. Though, with interest in Werner, Chalov and Dembele, Batshuayi or Giroud could leave. No VAR needed for @CesarAzpi’s goal last night! #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea FC (@chelseafc) on Dec 11, 2019 at 7:23am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Standard Liège vs Arsenal betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions Wolves vs Besiktas betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Manchester United vs AZ Alkmaar betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea’s transfer ban reduced Chelsea were unable to sign any players this past summer after being hit with a two-window transfer ban back in February of 2019. The FIFA Disciplinary Committee has sanctioned the English club Chelsea FC and The Football Association for breaches relating to the international transfer and… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Where could Zaha be headed? Wilfried Zaha’s agent has spoken out about a potential move away from Crystal Palace in January, amid links with Chelsea. Zaha was heavily linked with a move away from Palace in the summer transfer window. Arsenal were said to be interested in Zaha, but were… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea manager Frank Lampard has this evening confirmed that the club could well flex their financial muscle in January, if the club’s appeal against their transfer ban proves successful. FIFA’s Chelsea case Premier League giants Chelsea were officially hit with a 2-window transfer ban by FIFA late in February. The… November 4, 2019 In "Sports"