Burnley will go head-to-head with Newcastle United on Saturday the 14th of December. The Clarets are not in the best form heading into the tie. Burnley have lost their last three Premier League clashes with their latest defeat a 5-0 hammering at the hands of Tottenham. As a result, Burnley have slipped down to 13th in the PL. And they are just three points adrift of the relegation zone. But while Burnley’s form has been declining recently, Newcastle have been putting together a decent string of results. The Magpies have lost just one of their last five Premier League outings and are up to 11th in the table. Steve Bruce’s side could even move as high as 5th, should they pick up all three points at Turf Moor. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 12: Steve Bruce, Manager of Sheffield Wednesday looks on prior to the Sky Bet Championship match between Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday at The Den on February 12, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by James Chance/Getty Images) Ahead of what is likely to be a tough test for Burnley, Sean Dyche held his latest press conference on Thursday. In the presser, Dyche confirmed that he is hopeful that both Ashley Barnes and Ashley Westwood will be fit for the weekend’s clash with Newcastle. Neither Barnes or Westwood were in Burnley’s matchday squad, which lost to Spurs. But while Dyche is hopeful of having Barnes and Westwood fit, Charlie Taylor is said to be a doubt for the tie. SD confirms he is hopeful that Ashley Barnes and Ashley Westwood will be fit for the weekend.
Phil Bardsley is expected to train tomorrow. Charlie Taylor remains a doubt. — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley also confirmed that Jay Rodriguez has a broken finger. But the Clarets also stated he will be ok for Saturday: Jay Rodriguez has sustained a broken finger but will be okay to take his place in the Clarets’ plans for Saturday’s visit of Newcastle United. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Brighton vs Burnley Burnley are set to travel to Brighton on Saturday as they look to bounce back from their last Premier League game. The Clarets faced Liverpool prior to the international break and lost 3-0. That loss meant Burnley have not won a league game since the opening weekend… September 12, 2019 In "Sports" West Ham vs Newcastle West Ham are set to play host to Newcastle United on Saturday the 2nd of November. The Hammers head into the weekend’s action down to 10th in the Premier League and in pretty poor form. Manuel Pellegrini’s men have failed to pick up a victory in… October 31, 2019 In "Sports" Lille standout Victor Osimhen joined Lille this past summer from Belgium outfit RSC Charleroi. Lille are believed to have paid around £10.8m for Osimhen’s services. In his short stint in France Osimhen has been in fine form. The 20-year-old has played 12 games across all competitions for the Ligue 1… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"