West Ham United boss Manuel Pellegrini has this evening revealed why Felipe Anderson is absent from the club’s matchday squad to take on Southampton. Pellegrini’s men are currently locked in action with the Saints at the London Stadium, in a Premier League matchup. Both sides headed into proceedings desperate for all 3 points, amid respective struggles to this point in the campaign. Southampton sat in the relegation zone ahead of kick-off, having fallen to defeat at Newcastle last time out. This did, though, come on the back of a pair of wins over Watford and Norwich over the weeks prior. West Ham, meanwhile, have also been dragged firmly into the relegation dogfight, on the back of a solitary victory across their last 10 league outings. The Irons’ latest fixture saw them surrender a lead to capital rivals Arsenal, to eventually fall to a 3-1 defeat. As is customary ahead of kick-off, the starting line-ups of both sides were made official an hour before proceedings got underway in London this evening. Manuel Pellegrini opted for the following XI, led by a powerful front-2 of Michail Antonio and Sebastien Haller: Antonio and Haller start against Southampton ⚒ pic.twitter.com/Hu2VjR6zzs — West Ham United (@WestHam) December 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One major absentee not only from the Hammers’ starting line-up, but the club’s matchday squad altogether, though, as showcased above, was Felipe Anderson. Brazilian attacker Anderson has been a mainstay in the West Ham setup this season, having started in 15 of the club’s previous 16 Premier League fixtures. As such, speaking in a pre-match interview, Manuel Pellegrini was inevitably drawn on the former Lazio man’s omission. And the West Ham boss went on to reveal that Anderson is struggling with a stomach bug. This comes despite claims elsewhere that the wide-man has picked up an injury. Don’t know mate, maybe my source got it wrong but that’s odd because the same person told me he was out injured yesterday! Lol maybe he had both https://t.co/iIzVGIWoBR — ExWHUemployee (@ExWHUemployee) December 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js West Ham ready to sack Pellegrini if Hammers lose to Southampton – Telegraph Southampton vs West Ham live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals