Everton have this evening confirmed that they have decided to part ways with manager Marco Silva with immediate effect. Silva’s Toffees travelled to Anfield last night, for a crunch meeting with city rivals Liverpool. The matchup came as an important one for both sides, albeit for completely different reasons. Liverpool of course top the Premier League table as things stand, and headed into proceedings hoping to maintain their 8-point lead over Leicester City. Everton, on the other hand, were teetering precariously above the relegation zone, on the back of just 1 win from their previous 5 league outings. As such, it came as little surprise when hosts Liverpool made short work of their Merseyside neighbours. Goals from Divock Origi (2), Xherdan Shaqiri, Sadio Mane and Gini Wijnaldum eventually saw the European champions emerge with a 5-2 victory. On the back of their latest damning defeat, meanwhile, the main talking point surrounding Everton has understandably been the potential sacking of Marco Silva. Portuguese tactician Silva has been under mounting pressure of late, with the Toffees having managed an abysmal 14-point haul from 14 Premier League outings before last night’s events at Anfield. And, as has since been confirmed across the Toffees’ official website and social media platforms, the club’s board have tonight taken definitive action. Silva, who was originally appointed Everton boss in the summer of 2018, has been relieved of his duties: 🔵 | Everton Football Club can confirm that manager Marco Silva has left the Club. #EFC pic.twitter.com/R2JqAMBdu2 — Everton (@Everton) December 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As outlined above, Duncan Ferguson has taken ‘temporary charge of the first team’, as the search for the Merseysiders’ new permanent boss gets underway. Sheffield United vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Arsenal vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals