Mikel Arteta took charge of his first home game as Arsenal boss on Sunday. The Gunners played host to Chelsea as they looked to put an end to their poor run of form. Chelsea also went into the tie in pretty terrible form, however, Frank Lampard’s side have been much better away from Stamford Bridge this term. But despite Chelsea’s away form, it would be Arsenal who started Sunday’s tie on the front foot. As has so often been the case this season, it would be Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang who put the North London outfit in front vs Chelsea. After Aubameyang’s goal in the 13th minute Arsenal would keep up the pressure and looked the much better side. However, despite their much-improved start to the game, the Arsenal we have become accustomed to seeing in recent weeks began to appear as the tie went on. Chelsea would eventually draw things level at the Emirates after Jorginho slotted the ball into an open net thanks to a Bernd Leno error. OH NO LENO! Nightmare for the @Arsenal keeper – he completely misses the punch allowing Jorginho an easy goal! Watch on Sky Sports Premier League
Follow #ARSCHE here: https://t.co/0VwpIUZxNZ
Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/6egrYPoS5t — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Blues then produced a superb counter-attack 87 minutes in, which Tammy Abraham finished off to give Chelsea a probably undeserved 2-1 victory. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 29: Bernd Leno of Arsenal reacts after Chelsea score their first goal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Chelsea FC at Emirates Stadium on December 29, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) As well as giving away a lead at home, the Gunners were also dealt another blow on Sunday. Calum Chambers was forced off the pitch 23 minutes in vs Chelsea and replaced by Shkodran Mustafi. Calum receives a standing ovation as he is helped off the pitch… @CalumChambers95
@MustafiOfficial#ARSCHE 1-0 (23) pic.twitter.com/H0qGnaVzUx — Arsenal (@Arsenal) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js. Now, after the defeat, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has provided this update on Chambers: “The doctors are assessing him. The first feeling he got, it wasn’t very positive.” As quoted by Arsenal’s official website. See also: Damning Bernd Leno stat emerges after blunder vs Chelsea Mino Raiola and the reasons Man United opted against pursuing Erling Haaland interest Source: Great Goals Arsenal collapse vs Chelsea Arsenal and Chelsea faced off in Sunday’s early Premier League kick-off. Both sides headed into the clash in pretty dismal form. The Blues had found themselves on the end of a rather embarrassing 2-0 defeat vs Southampton at Stamford Bridge earlier this week whilst Arsenal had… December 29, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal vs Chelsea Arsenal will go head-to-head with Chelsea on Sunday afternoon. The tie will be Mikel Arteta’s second game in the Arsenal dugout with his first fixture in charge ending as a 1-1 draw vs Bournemouth. The Gunners began the weekend’s Premier League action sat 11th in the table,… December 28, 2019 In "Sports" Everton vs Arsenal Everton and Arsenal went head-to-head in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The tie was a bit of a strange affair as both clubs had appointed new bosses shortly before the game. Arsenal named Mike Arteta as head coach on Friday whilst Everton appointed Carlo Ancelotti as manager… December 21, 2019 In "Sports"