As per a report from the Evening Standard, Manchester United feel as though Erling Haaland’s potential move to the club hinges on the will of the player himself. On the back of a largely-disappointing opening to the campaign, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Red Devils have looked much-improved of late. United are currently in the midst of just one defeat in their last 10 outings across all competitions, and even that loss came with a 2nd-string XI on display at Kazakh outfit Astana in the Europa League. A 1-1 draw at home to Everton last weekend, meanwhile, brought to an end a particularly-impressive streak on the part of the Manchester giants. After downing Tottenham by 2 goals to 1 two weeks ago, United followed up with a derby victory over champions City at the Etihad. They also secured their spot in the knockout rounds of the Europa League with a 4-0 drubbing of AZ Alkmaar, and made short work of Colchester United in the Carabao Cup quarter-finals last night. The Old Trafford giants, though, do not appear ready to rest on their laurels. Recent reports have suggested that the Red Devils are eyeing a number of reinforcements in the January transfer window. The Athletic last week named a pair of players, in the form of James Maddison and Erling Haaland, as United’s prime targets this winter. And, as outlined above, the Evening Standard have today provided an update on a potential Old Trafford switch for the latter. RB Salzburg sensation Haaland has been in irresistible form over the early months of the season, having racked up a staggering 28 goals and 7 assists across 22 appearances in all competitions. The 19-year-old has unsurprisingly been earmarked as a potential world-beater by a number of Europe’s top clubs, but it is Manchester United who have been most-persistently linked. Whether the Red Devils manage to push a deal for Haaland over the line, though, could well depend on the player himself. Standard Sport’s James Robson suggests that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and co. are ‘relying’ on the Salzburg star to push for a move to the club. This comes for a pair of reasons. First off, the fierce competition for his signature. Borussia Dortmund and Salzburg’s unofficial sister club RB Leipzig are both said to be extremely keen on Haaland. The 2nd reason, meanwhile, concerns the will of Mino Raiola. It is claimed that super-agent Raiola is pushing his latest high-profile client towards a ‘lower-key’ move, rather than one to a European giant like Manchester United. This would then lead onto Haaland joining a top club down the line, once he has developed further. As such, the hitman may need to convince Raiola that he is ready for the bright lights at Old Trafford, if United are to beat out any and all other interested parties, to clinch a deal for Haaland’s signature. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is relying on Erling Haaland pushing for a move to Man Utd after admitting the striker is ready for the next stage of his development. ✍ @jamesrobsonES https://t.co/3dfsOWb0dG — Standard Sport (@standardsport) December 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester United vs Everton Everton’s latest clash will see them travel to Manchester United on Sunday the 15th of December. The Toffees put an end to their dismal run of form last weekend when they comprehensively beat Chelsea by three goals to one. However, despite the impressive victory over Chelsea,… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" Massive blow for Newcastle Newcastle winger Allan Saint-Maximin has been ruled out of action for a month, having suffered a hamstring injury against Southampton. The Frenchman has been a revelation at St James’ Park this season. Saint-Maximin has been one of Newcastle’s best players in recent weeks and scored his… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" AZ Alkmaar 0-Man United 0 Manchester United went head-to-head with Dutch outfit AZ Alkmaar on Thursday. Man United had won their previous Europa League clash with vs Astana but it wasn’t exactly a convincing display, only winning 1-0. The Red Devils would then struggle to break down AZ Alkmaar and… October 4, 2019 In "Sports"