After reports emanated from the Ghanaian press last week about Tic Tac’s decision to sue Wizkid for copyright imfringement on his song, “Fefenefe” with Tony Tetuila which was released about 15 years ago, many found it hard to believe as they felt it was just mere rumour. However, veteran singer, Tony Tetuila has decided to put things straight and clear people’s notions that it is mere rumour by confirming himself and Tic Tac are truly suing Wizkid and DJ Tunez. The veteran singer took to his Instagram page to confirm the intended legal action. He has revealed they are suing Wizkid for the sum of 30 million naira and have been advised not to say more than that by their lawyers. This decision by Tetuila is coming as a result of DJ Tunez’s song in which he featured Wizkid. The song contained lyrics from Tetuila and Tic Tac’s song which obviously wasn’t used under the blessings of their permission, hence, the reason they are heading to court. See post below: A post shared by Tetuila (@tonytetuilaofficial) on Dec 21, 2019 at 3:07am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Tony Tetuila Confirms He’s Suing Wizkid & DJ Tunez For 30 Million For Copy Right Infringement appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive “You don hit my car” veteran singer, Tony Tetuila has filed a N30m copyright infringement suit against Wizkid and DJ Tunez. According to the singer, Tony Tetuila and Ghanaian singer, Tic Tac, are suing Wizkid because his single “Gbese” produced by DJ Tunez, has some content from Tony Tetuila and… December 22, 2019 In "Entertainment" Nigerian Afrobeats artiste Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun better known as Wizkid has been slammed with a ₦30 million lawsuit over copyright infringement by music veteran Tony Tetuila. Tetuila whose real name is Anthony Olarenwaju Awotoye revealed in an Instagram post that he and Ghanaian singer Tic are suing Wizkid and DJ Tunez for… December 22, 2019 In "News" Nigerian and Ghanaian Veteran Artistes, Tony Tetuila and  Tic Tac have taken a bold and aggressive step in suing Nigerian Top Star, Wizkid over copyright infringement. The “Fever” Hitmaker together with Nigerian DJ, DJ Tunez dropped a song sometimes ago dubbed “Gbese” and some of Tony Tetuila ” Fefe Ne Efe” verses were sung by Wizkid in DJ Tunez… December 19, 2019 In "Music/Video"