Interim Arsenal boss Freddie Ljungberg has this evening discussed both his future with the club, and his decision to substitute Mesut Ozil versus Manchester City. The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s Citizens to the Emirates a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings hoping to build on their previous league result, which saw the north Londoners bring to an end a run of 9 games without a win across all competitions. A trip to capital rivals West Ham eventually saw the visitors notch a 3-1 victory, courtesy of a blitzing 10-minute stretch in the second-half. When all was said and done this evening, though, Arsenal were brought firmly back down to earth. A Kevin De Bruyne-inspired City made short work of their hosts, en route to a comfortable 3-0 win. Evidently, based on the result at the Emirates this evening, a number of Arsenal’s stars performed well below their best versus Man City. One of these players was Mesut Ozil, with the German midfielder having been left visibly frustrated after being hooked by Freddie Ljungberg just shy of the hour-mark. As such, speaking in his post-match press conference, Ljungberg was inevitably drawn on his decision to haul Ozil off. And the interim Arsenal boss appeared to aim a dig at his side’s no.10 with his response: ‘We wanted to have possession but when we don’t you have to run and tackle. Emile (Smith Rowe) did well in Belgium and I wanted to give him a chance.’ Ljungberg was then questioned on his future on the Emirates bench, with the Swede having urged the Arsenal board to make a definitive decision on the club’s managerial situation: ‘For me, it’s a great honour to do this. But Per (Mertesacker) is doing two jobs.’ ‘I’ve said it needs to be cleared up and it would be good to make a decision regardless of what it is.’ Quotes via football.london Crystal Palace vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Arsenal’s embarrassing defeat at the hands of Manchester City this evening laid bare for all to see that the Gunners need to appoint a new (preferably experienced) manager as soon as possible. City rampant Arsenal welcomed Pep Guardiola’s champions to the Emirates a short time ago, for their latest Premier… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Interim Arsenal boss Freddie Ljungberg was this evening drawn on his decision not to utilise Nicolas Pepe during his side’s draw with Norwich earlier today. Norwich 2-2 Arsenal The Gunners travelled to Carrow Road a short time ago, for the club’s first outing following Unai Emery’s dismissal. Freddie Ljungberg took… December 1, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal’s shocking recent run of form continued this evening, as Freddie Ljungberg’s men fell to a deserved 2-1 defeat at home to Brighton. Arsenal host Brighton The Gunners welcomed Graham Potter’s men to the Emirates a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The matchup came as Freddie… December 5, 2019 In "Sports"