After what felt like an age, Arsenal finally appointed a replacement for Unai Emery on Friday the 20th of December. The Gunners have welcomed back one of their former players Mikel Arteta to the Emirates with the Spaniard set to become head coach on Sunday. Welcome back, Mikel! Head coach of The Arsenal pic.twitter.com/lhsAfQ7cfq — Arsenal (@Arsenal) December 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Before taking the reins at Arsenal, Arteta had spent the last several years at Manchester City, working under arguably one of the best managers in the world, Pep Guardiola. So, while Arteta has no managerial experience of his own, the Spaniard should have picked up one or two things from his time with Pep. The Gunners are set to take on Everton in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off but as Arsenal stated Arteta will join on Sunday, the clash at Goodison Park looks to be Ljungberg’s final game as interim boss. Ljungberg hasn’t had the greatest time in the Arsenal dugout, winning just one of his four Premier League clashes before facing the Toffees. ST ALBANS, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 20: (EXCLUSIVE COVERAGE) New Arsenal Head Coach Mikel Arteta is unveiled at London Colney on December 20, 2019 in St Albans, England. (Photo by Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) The North London outfit will begin the weekend 10th in the English top-flight, seven points off a Champions League place. That gap could, of course, widen to 10 points should Arsenal fail to beat Everton. So, as well as the rather huge task of getting Arsenal back into a Champions League spot, Arteta will also have to attempt to fix the Gunners’ poor defence. And he may also lose Arsenal’s standout star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the near future with the forward reportedly considering his future at the Emirates. The above is just a very brief overview of some of the mammoth tasks facing Arteta when he becomes Arsenal boss. However, despite his lack of experience and the plethora of problems Arteta will have to deal with, former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino has backed the Spaniard to be a success at Arsenal: “Yes of course, he’s going to be [a success]. “He’s top, a top personality, character. I think he has the qualities to be one of the best. “He was very young when I played with him at Paris Saint-Germain, he was 17 years old when he arrived and he was brilliant.” As quoted by the Mirror. See also: Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Brighton vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Arsenal appoint Arteta Three weeks after Arsenal sacked Unai Emery, the Gunners have finally appointed a new boss. The North London outfit announced on Friday the 20th of December that Mikel Arteta is joining the club as head coach on Sunday. Arteta has no previous managerial experience so he may… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal struggling Unai Emery was sacked by Arsenal at the back end of November after a dismal start to the 2019/20 campaign. Former Arsenal star Freddie Ljungberg has been the man tasked with steadying the ship since Emery’s departure. But Ljungberg hasn’t enjoyed the most prolific time in the Arsenal… December 18, 2019 In "Sports" Unai Emery has this afternoon revealed his opinion that Arsenal’s decision to appoint Mikel Arteta as the club’s new boss was the correct one. Emery dismissed The situation surrounding the hotseat at the Emirates stadium had proven one of the main talking points throughout the European football media over the… December 20, 2019 In "Sports"