As per a report from Christian Falk of German outlet SportBild, Mauricio Pochettino is not among the potential candidates being considered to take over as the new manager of Bayern Munich. As has since been widely-covered in the media, Argentine tactician Pochettino was somewhat-surprisingly relieved of his duties at Spurs two weeks ago. On the back of an abysmal start to the season, which saw the north Londoners dwelling in 14th in the Premier League table, the board at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium came to the decision to part ways with their long-time boss: Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Jose Mourinho, meanwhile, was instilled as Poch’s replacement less than 12 hours later: Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, speculation has since inevitably been rampant regarding where Pochettino could end up next. Despite Spurs’ struggles under his guidance this season, the South American is still viewed by many as one of world football’s finest tacticians. Among the most hotly-tipped potential destinations for Pochettino, meanwhile, have been German giants Bayern Munich. Mauricio Pochettino is being considered by Bayern Munich to take over as permanent manager at the Allianz Arena, according to Sky in Germany. — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) November 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Bundesliga champions parted ways with Niko Kovac last month, with Hans-Dieter Flick currently tasked with interim duties at the Allianz Arena. As per the aforementioned update courtesy of the reliable Christian Falk of SportBild, though, Pochettino will not be taking over the reins in Bavaria any time soon. The 47-year-old is reportedly not among the candidates being considered by the Bayern hierarchy. Exclusive: Mauricio Pochettino will not become coach of @FCBayern. the argentinian is not one of the candidates for the bosses @BILD_Sport @SPORTBILD @SpursOfficial — Christian Falk (@cfbayern) December 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This, meanwhile, will no doubt come as music to the ears of Pochettino’s other rumoured suitors, amidst links with the likes of Arsenal and Manchester United. Sheffield United vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Arsenal vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports, German giants Bayern Munich are considering an approach for now-former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino. Poch sacked The major talking point across the European media over the last 48 hours has surrounded Spurs’ decision to sack Mauricio Pochettino. On the back of a dismal… November 21, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from the Manchester Evening News, Mauricio Pochettino is extremely keen on replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Manchester United. Spurs wield the axe As has since been widely-covered in the media, Argentine tactician Pochettino was somewhat-surprisingly relieved of his duties at Spurs two weeks ago. On the… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has today revealed his opinion that former club Arsenal should pull out all the stops in a bid to bring Mauricio Pochettino to the club. Spurs wield the axe As has been one of the talking points across the European media for the last week,… November 26, 2019 In "Sports"