Speculation across the European media today has suggested that Spurs boss Jose Mourinho has identified Marouane Fellaini as a key target for the winter transfer window. Belgian midfielder Fellaini is best known for his 11-year stint in the Premier League. The 32-year-old first made the move to England in 2008, when he joined Everton from Belgian outfit Standard Liege. And, after a productive spell at Goodison Park over the years that followed, Fellaini was subsequently rewarded with a high-profile switch to Manchester United in the summer of 2013. The all-action Belgian’s time at Old Trafford, though, proved largely-unsuccessful, with Fellaini having failed to start in more than half of the Red Devils’ Premier League fixtures even once over the course of his 5-and-a-half years at the club. As such, it came as little surprise when he was eventually moved on last January, when the veteran joined Chinese Super League outfit Shandong Luneng. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 30: Marouane Fellaini of Manchester United celebrates scoring his side’s second goal during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Old Trafford on September 30, 2017 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) Upon Fellaini making the move to China, it was widely-assumed that his career in Europe had come to a permanent end. The Belgian looked lethargic and lacking the mobility required to compete at the top-level over the course of his final half-season with Manchester United. As per the aforementioned speculation across Europe this afternoon, though, Fellaini may yet be handed the chance to try his arm in the Premier League once more. A surprise report from French outlet Les Sports +, which has since been further reported by the likes of Voetbalnieuws in Fellaini’s home country of Belgium, has suggested that Jose Mourinho is keen to coax the former Anderlecht youth back to England. Recently-appointed Spurs boss Mourinho previously managed Fellaini during the pair’s time together at Old Trafford. And Les Sports + go as far as to claim that contact has already been made with the latter’s entourage, over a potential January move to north London. Fellaini is even labelled as Mourinho’s ‘no. 1 target’ this winter. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js West Ham vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Niko Kovac reportedly wants Arsenal job/why he watched Everton clash Source: Great Goals Is Fellaini right to criticise Man United? Former Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini has criticised the club for a lack of patience with their previous managers. Fellaini joined United back in 2013, following David Moyes from Everton to Old Trafford. The Belgian played 177 games for Manchester United before leaving… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United's Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini heads the ball during the UEFA Champions League Group A football match between FC Basel and Manchester United on November 22, 2017 in Basel. / AFP PHOTO / Fabrice COFFRINIJose Mourinho admitted Friday he is growing ever more anxious about the prospect of losing… November 24, 2017 In "News" Jose Mourinho believes that his Manchester United team added to their momentum with a 4-0 win over Crystal Palace. United swept past Palace at Old Trafford to leave the Eagles without a point or goal from seven Premier League matches this season. United took the lead after just four minutes… September 30, 2017 In "News"