Everton have this afternoon been dealt a blow on the injury-front, during the club’s meeting with Arsenal. The Toffees are currently locked in action with Arsenal at Goodison Park, in a Premier League clash. In a strange situation, both sides are being guided through today’s proceedings by interim managers. Their respective new permanent bosses, though, are in the stands watching on. After Arsenal confirmed the appointment of former midfielder Mikel Arteta yesterday afternoon, Everton followed suit by making the high-profile arrival of Carlo Ancelotti official this morning. 🔵 | Introducing the new manager of Everton Football Club, @MrAncelotti! #WelcomeMrAncelotti pic.twitter.com/zNNoix8H5R — Everton (@Everton) December 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the disjointed nature of the first-half at Goodison this afternoon has since proven little surprise. Despite a buzz in the atmosphere on Merseyside ahead of kick-off, both sides have struggled to carve out chances, resulting in a 0-0 scoreline at the interval. An all-round disappointing opening 45 minutes for hosts Everton, meanwhile, was also compounded by a blow on the personnel front. With just 10 minutes on the clock, Alex Iwobi, who was of course facing off against former club Arsenal today, pulled up with what appeared to be a hamstring problem. After being seen to by the hosts’ medical team, the attacker was subsequently forced off, to be replaced by Cenk Tosun: 11′ We’re forced into an early change as @alexiwobi limps off. Come on, Cenk! 💪 #EVEARS 🔵 0-0 🔴 pic.twitter.com/2q3VCbSjGL — Everton (@Everton) December 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Brighton vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Man United vs Everton Manchester United and Everton went head-to-head on Sunday afternoon. The Toffees headed into the tie sat 15th in the Premier League, just two points adrift of the relegation zone. But Everton would pick up an impressive 3-1 victory over Chelsea last weekend in what was Duncan… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal have this afternoon provided fitness updates on a number of the club’s stars, ahead of their upcoming meeting with Everton. Everton vs Arsenal The Gunners are set for a trip to Goodison Park tomorrow afternoon, for a Premier League clash. Both sides will head into proceedings with interim managers… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea will travel to Everton Saturday afternoon with the hope of defeating The Toffees for first time since Sam Allardyce took charge. Antonio Conte’s side and Everton will meet at Goodison Park in Saturday’s early kick off in what will be both club’s final outing before Christmas. The reverse fixture… December 22, 2017 In "News"