Pedro signed for Chelsea in the summer of 2015, moving from FC Barcelona. Pedro’s stint at Chelsea has been fairly successful with the winger helping Chelsea win several trophies such as the Europa League and Premier League. In total, Pedro has racked up 192 appearances across all competitions for the London outfit. In those 192 ties, Pedro has scored 42 and assisted 26. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 21: Pedro of Chelsea celebrates as he scores their first goal during the Premier League match between Chelsea and Watford at Stamford Bridge on October 21, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images) However, Pedro is now 32 years of age and his contract with Chelsea is set to expire in July of 2020. Pedro is also having to deal with a rather reduced role in Chelsea’s first-team this term. Pedro has made just four Premier League appearances for Chelsea since Frank Lampard has been at the helm. So, given his age, his lack of playing time and the fact his contract runs out in the summer, is Pedro’s time with Chelsea coming to an end? As per Simon Johnson of The Athletic, Pedro spoke about his future to Radio Club Tenerife. When speaking about his future, Pedro would state he has offers and there are always clubs that are interested: “There are offers, there are always clubs that are interested & that is a joy. I still have years to play but you’re thinking about what things are going on. I’m running out of contract at Chelsea, I’m free & we’ll see what happens.” Pedro on his #cfc future to Radio Club Tenerife: “There are offers,there are always clubs that are interested & that is a joy. I still have years to play but you’re thinking about what things are going on.I’m running out of contract at Chelsea, I’m free & we’ll see what happens.” — Simon Johnson (@SJohnsonSport) December 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One club reportedly interested in Pedro is newly-promoted Aston Villa. See also: Standard Liège vs Arsenal betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions Rangers vs Young Boys betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Besiktas betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Manchester United vs AZ Alkmaar betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals