You all would recall we brought you news earlier about the arrest and detention of the politician after claims of his Quilox customers breaching traffic laws. It however seems the earlier report was not really accurate as the Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the police has now revealed exactly why they have arrested him. He said; “The honorable is the owner of that club and his customers are fond of parking on the road and blocking the road. If you want to pass that place, you will have tough times. Up till 9am, the club was still on. They refused to remove their vehicles and Lagosians were seriously disturbed. Even Mr Governor was affected this morning. He had to manoeuvre his way through it. This man had been talked to many times, but he refused to listen. This morning, our patrol vehicles towed three vehicles out of that place so that people could pass. This honourable mobilised over 50 thugs to attack Maroko Police Station to move those vehicles out. We had to send reinforcement from neighbouring stations before they were able to curtail the situation. . That was how he was arrested with five of the thugs, while others escaped. We had to excerise a lot of restraints. They have been moved to the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Panti, where they are being investigated.” The post We Arrested Shina Peller Because He Mobilised Thugs To Attack Us – Police Reveals Source: Too Xclusive Police have arrested the owner of Quilox night club and House of Representatives member, Hon. Shina Peller. This arrest has come as a result of claims of traffic offence by the Nigerian Police. According to reports, Shina Peller went to Maroko police station to bail some of his customers who… December 23, 2019 In "Music/Video" Shina Peller Earlier today, Lagos State government shut down Quilox night club for environmental pollution and obstructing free flow of traffic. The owner of the popular night club Shina Peller, was also  arrested by policemen for allegedly mobilising thugs to invade the police station. So far, the Shina Peller’s arrest… December 23, 2019 In "Entertainment" One of the most visited night clubs in Lagos, Quilox, has be shut down by the Lagos state government. The club, which is located in Victoria Island, Lagos, was reported to have been sealed by the state’s government for polluting the environment with their activities. This was announced in a… December 23, 2019 In "Entertainment"