Burnley manager Sean Dyche has this evening provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of their upcoming meeting with Bournemouth. The Clarets are set for a trip to the Vitality Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Both sides will head into proceedings on the back of morale-boosting wins last time out. Eddie Howe’s Bournemouth brought to an end a dismal streak of 5 straight league defeats with a high-profile 3-point haul at Chelsea. Burnley, meanwhile, put Newcastle to the sword by a goal to nil at Turf Moor. This saw the hosts put a 3-game losing streak of their own behind them. As such, ahead of this weekend’s latest round of fixtures, Burnley and Bournemouth are separated by just two points in the English top-flight table, with the former holding the advantage. And, ahead of the meeting between the sides in 2 days’ time, Sean Dyche has this evening provided a fitness update on his squad. Speaking in a press conference a short time ago, the Burnley boss first discussed the progress being made by long-term injury absentee Johann Berg Gudmundsson: SD confirms JBG is doing well on his road to recovery and completed 60 minutes on Tuesday in a training ground friendly and will feature for the U23s on Saturday against Birmingham City. — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) December 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Dyche then went on to confirm that Chris Wood and Ashley Westwood are both in doubt to face Bournemouth, after picking up respective problems in training. Defender Ben Gibson is also far from certain to feature at the Vitality: SD also confirms Chris Wood and Ashley Westwood didn’t train today, Wood has a knock on his achilles, meanwhile Westwood has a tight groin. Ben Gibson will remain a doubt for this weekend. — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) December 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Sean Dyche has this evening provided fitness updates on a pair of his side’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Manchester City. Burnley back in action The Clarets are set to welcome champions City to Turf Moor tomorrow evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Both sides will head into… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Burnley Burnley are set to travel to Brighton on Saturday as they look to bounce back from their last Premier League game. The Clarets faced Liverpool prior to the international break and lost 3-0. That loss meant Burnley have not won a league game since the opening weekend… September 12, 2019 In "Sports" Burnley vs Norwich Norwich have certainly provided fans with some entertaining football since their promotion to the Premier League. The latest of which saw a Norwich side with a fair few key players missing, take on the Premier League champions and come away with a 3-2 win. Norwich are now… September 21, 2019 In "Sports"