Tottenham manager Jose Mourinho has claimed he knows what Christian Eriksen’s future holds with his current deal set to expire next summer. Eriksen’s future has been a hot topic for many months now. The Danish midfielder was linked with a move to Real Madrid in the last summer window. However, a move never came to fruition. Eriksen has also been linked with Manchester United ahead of the January window. Daniel Levy even admitted recently that Spurs are not afraid to sell to their rivals. Eriksen would be free to sign a pre-agreement deal with any club when the winter window opens, leading to a free transfer in the summer. Now, Tottenham boss Jose Mourinho has revealed he already knows what lies ahead for Eriksen. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 01: Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur scores his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Tottenham Hotspur at Emirates Stadium on September 01, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of Tottenham’s clash with Norwich on Saturday, Mourinho claimed he already knows what Christian Eriksen will do post-January. Though, Jose was keeping his cards close to his chest. “I think I know his future because his communication with me is completely open and honest and we trust each other,” Mourinho explained, as quoted by AS. “The only thing I can tell you is that I know his future but I am not going to be the one to speak about his future. “It has to be him to speak about his future when he makes the decision to speak about his future, not me”. The only way we’ll know for sure then, is when Eriksen confirms his intentions. @euro2020 Here we come! A post shared by  Christian Eriksen (@chriseriksen8) on Nov 18, 2019 at 3:17pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals No going back for Eriksen Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen has reportedly made it clear he wants to leave the club with his contract set to expire next summer. Eriksen’s future has been a top conversation for many months now. With the Danish playmaker’s contract set to expire next summer, there’s… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Italian journalist Nicolo Schira has this afternoon claimed that Tottenham star Christian Eriksen has rejected the club’s latest contract offer, ahead of an imminent departure next summer. Tottenham standout Danish international Eriksen has been on the books of Spurs for over 6 years now, having made the move to the… November 26, 2019 In "Sports" Eriksen’s Spurs stint Christian Eriksen joined Tottenham in August of 2013 from Dutch outfit Ajax. Spurs are believed to have paid around £12m for Eriksen’s services. Since making the switch to North London, Eriksen has gone on to become an integral member of Tottenham’s squad. In total, the Dane has… October 11, 2019 In "Sports"