Chelsea played host to Lille on Tuesday evening in what was their final Champions League group stage clash of the season. The Blues started the day sat 3rd in their CL group. Despite this, Frank Lampard’s side were still able to qualify for the Champions League knockout stages with a victory over the French outfit. As for Lille, they began the day dead bottom of Group H with absolutely no chance of qualifying. Prior to facing Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, Lille had amassed just one point from their previous five Champions League ties. Given a Chelsea victory on Tuesday was of paramount importance, it isn’t too surprising to see they put out a strong eleven. Chelsea were without Fikayo Tomori due to the defender having a hip issue. Olivier Giroud was also out of the squad due to injury but given the Frenchman’s reduced role this season, that wasn’t too much of a blow for the London outfit. But Chelsea were given one boost on Tuesday as Antonio Rudiger was handed his first start since suffering an injury vs Wolves in September. Three changes, including the return of @ToniRuediger! #CHELOSC pic.twitter.com/cJqKUo0r9E — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
As for Lille, they rested a few key players to take on Chelsea such as Victor Osimhen. Our line up for #CHELOSC #UCL Subs: Leo César, Fonte, Osimhen, Ikoné, Bamba, Renato Sanches, Bradarić. pic.twitter.com/9jkityVucN — LOSC Lille EN (@LOSC_EN) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Given Chelsea were at home and had a much stronger eleven out, it wasn’t too surprising to see the Premier League outfit start the tie on the front foot. Chelsea’s first decent chance of the evening fell to Christian Pulisic who placed his effort wide. Emerson then forced a solid save from the Lille keeper with 15 minutes on the clock. But while Chelsea had a smattering of chances in the opening exchanges, Lille were set up well and Lampard’s side struggled to carve out any huge opportunities. However, Lille’s resistance was eventually broken by Tammy Abraham with 18 minutes played. A big, big goal for Chelsea! Tammy Abraham makes no mistake to set the Blues on their way… pic.twitter.com/v78SYFQ5Cv — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea continued to dominate after the opening goal and eventually doubled their lead 34 minutes in through Cesar Azpilicueta who headed home from an Emerson corner. The first 45 drew to a close with Lille unable to muster up a single effort on target. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 10: Cesar Azpilicueta of Chelsea celebrates after scoring his team’s second goal during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and Lille OSC at Stamford Bridge on December 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Rose/Getty Images) Chelsea came out after the interval firing on all cylinders with Willian and Pulisic both registering shots on target inside a minute of the second half kicking off. The Blues continued to enjoy their fair share of possession for the remainder of the second 45. But Lille would pull one back 78 minutes in with their first effort on target. Substitute Michy Batshuayi probably should have restored Chelsea’s two-goal lead with the Belgian missing a few decent chances. But despite the late pressure from Lille and a couple of misses from Batshuayi, Chelsea managed to see out the rest of the tie without conceding another goal. And after Liverpool secured their spot in the Champions League last 16 earlier on Tuesday with a comprehensive 2-0 victory over RB Salzburg, Chelsea’s victory over Lille ensured all four English sides will progress to the knockout stages. Tottenham and Manchester City who play their final group games on Wednesday were already into the next round before this week’s CL action began. See also: Dinamo Zagreb vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Bayern Munich vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea vs Lille Chelsea are set to play their final Champions League group game of the 2019/20 season on Tuesday. While a number of clubs have already secured their spot in the CL last 16, Chelsea’s group is very much wide open. All of Ajax, Valencia and Chelsea are all… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from the Daily Mail, French outfit Lille could opt to leave a number of their star performers out of the club’s starting XI to take on Chelsea tonight. Chelsea back in European action Frank Lampard’s men are set to welcome Lille to Stamford Bridge later today,… December 10, 2019 In "Sports"