Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to cater for guest service requirements; ensuring guest stay is both pleasant & unforgettable, we combine the experience of our team which represents a breadth and depth of expertise that is unmatched, and we believe our people are the cornerstone of our success. We are committed to making our place a great place to work and provide the foundation for building successful careers. If you share our passion for delivering unequal hospitality service where details matter, apply today to join our team. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Guest Relations / Service Agent Location: Abuja Position Summary Gre Duties and Responsibilities Application Closing Date
29th February, 2020. The post Guest Relations / Service Agent at Bolton White Hotels & Apartments appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to… October 2, 2019 In "Gists" Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels & Apartments is superbly placed to cater for guest service requirements; ensuring… December 11, 2019 In "Gists" Bolton White Hotels &amp; Apartments is a leading firm in the hospitality industry. We are dedicated to ensuring the comfort of our guests. Our luxury accommodation in the heart of Garki and Wuse zone 7 in Abuja offers unparalleled guest services. Bolton White Hotels &amp; Apartments is superbly placed to… May 31, 2019 In "Jobs"