Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off saw Manchester City playing host to Leicester. With Liverpool not in league action this weekend it was a great chance for one of the aforementioned sides to gain some ground on their title rivals. 2nd place Leicester began the day 10 points off Liverpool with Man City 14 points adrift of top spot. And despite Man City’s early dominance at the Etihad, it would be Leicester who took the lead through an in-form Jamie Vardy. However, despite the Foxes going ahead on Saturday, the Sky Blues continued to apply pressure with Riyad Mahrez equalising 30 minutes in. Ilkay Gundogan then gave City a 2-1 lead from the penalty spot just before the interval. Gabriel Jesus then killed the game off with 69 minutes on the clock. But despite hammering 2nd place Leicester, Man City did suffer one blow on Saturday. Kevin De Bruyne put on another standout display vs Brendan Rodgers’ side. But the Belgian had to be withdrawn in second-half injury time after pulling up. De Bruyne has since provided an update on himself. And the midfielder should have calmed any potential injury fears by stating he was just suffering from cramp: “It was just cramp. It was a hard game, very open, two teams who went all the way. In the end my body said ‘just take a rest.’ The grass was nice and soft.” As quoted by the Manchester Evening News. The midfield maestro also gave his thoughts on the victory over Leicester: “I think defensively we were good – there was a lot of pressure on the ball – we didn’t let Leicester play at all,” he explained. “They lost a lot of balls, especially in the first half. Obviously they gone 1-0 ahead but that was the only chance they had in the game. Afterwards we had a couple of good chances and then Riyad changed the game for us so that was really important. Also to score the 2-1 before half time was an important moment in the game.” As quoted by the Manchester Evening News. See also: Tottenham vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Chelsea live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds  Source: Great Goals