Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers has this evening assured that he remains fully committed to the Foxes’ cause, despite persistent links with Premier League rivals Arsenal. Rodgers’ men welcomed Everton to the King Power Stadium earlier today, for their latest league outing. The hosts headed into proceedings amid a stellar run of form of late, having racked up 6 straight wins across all competitions. Manchester City’s surprise draw with Newcastle yesterday, meanwhile, meant that Leicester were aware ahead of kick-off that a victory would see them move 3 points clear of the 3rd-placed Citizens in the Premier League table. And, when all was said and done, this was precisely what the Foxes managed. A hard-fought affair eventually saw Leicester emerge with a 2-1 win. It was Everton who opened the scoring on the day, courtesy of Richarlison’s bullet header with 23 minutes on the clock. Jamie Vardy, though, pulled the home side level 20 minutes from time, with his 8th in his last 6 appearances. And, just when it looked as though the matchup was set to peter out into a draw, substitute Kelechi Iheanacho bagged a potentially-priceless winner, slotting home in confident fashion with essentially the last kick of the game. On the back of his side’s last-gasp win, though, Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers was nevertheless unable to escape the question marks surrounding his future. Rodgers has been one of a number of tacticians touted as a potential replacement for Unai Emery at Arsenal, following the Spaniard’s dismissal on Friday morning. The 46-year-old, though, was keen to reaffirm his commitment to the Leicester cause, explaining: ‘Yes, very much so. My main focus is very much with Leicester. They have been first class with me.’ ‘I left a club [Celtic] eight months ago, and now there’s a huge challenge for us which is finishing in the top-six. I have loved every minute since I came here.’ ‘I came here to help the project and see if we could bring it forward. I’m at a great club. I absolutely love it here. For the Arsenal job there are probably about 10 names. Me, I’m just concentrating on Leicester.’ Freddie Ljungberg on decision to leave Nicolas Pepe on bench in Arsenal’s draw at Norwich Solskjaer claims Man United were ‘knocked emotionally’ by Jack Grealish’s Aston Villa opener Source: Great Goals