Liverpool and Everton are set to go head-to-head in the first Merseyside derby of the 2019/20 campaign on Wednesday. The Reds start game week 15 sat 11 points clear of last season’s Premier League champions Manchester City who will play Burnley on Tuesday evening. But Liverpool are only currently eight points clear of 2nd place Leicester who are in a fine vein of form. As for Everton, they are having a torrid start to the 2019/20 campaign. The Toffees begin the midweek action with a dismal 14 points amassed from their opening 14 PL fixtures this term. As a result, Marco Silva’s side are only just teetering above the relegation zone. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 17: Jurgen Klopp, Manager of Liverpool acknowledges the fans following his teams victory in the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Liverpool FC at St Mary’s Stadium on August 17, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Ahead of the key clash with Everton, Jurgen Klopp held his pre-match press conference on Tuesday. During the presser, Klopp spoke about January transfers. Liverpool did very little business over the summer with Adrian the only player from the summer really featuring a fair bit for the Reds so far this campaign and the majority of his outings have only come due to Alisson being injured. And ahead of the winter window, Klopp seems to be keeping his cards close to his chest, stating Liverpool will do something if it will help them: “For us, it’s the same as always; we don’t speak about it. We are pretty much always ready if we can do something that can help us. And if not, then not.” https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of tomorrow night’s Merseyside derby. Liverpool vs Everton The European champions are set to welcome Everton to Anfield in a little over 24 hours’ time, for a Premier League clash. The two sides, though, will… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool edge past Villa Liverpool traveled to Aston Villa on Saturday as they looked to retain their six-point lead atop of the Premier League. 2nd place Manchester City were in action at the same time as the Merseyside powerhouse on Saturday, at home to Southampton. Both City and Liverpool struggled… November 3, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool vs Newcastle Liverpool are set to host Newcastle in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Reds head into the game looking to make it four wins out of four in the 2019/20 PL season. Liverpool are currently the only side not to have dropped points in the English top-flight.… September 14, 2019 In "Sports"