Hwang Hee-chan made the switch to RB Salzburg in January of 2016. Hwang has gone on to rack up 108 appearances across all competitions for the Austrian outfit. The 23-year-old would spend last season out on loan in Germany with Hamburger SV. However, Hwang’s stint in Germany was fairly unsuccessful with the centre-forward scoring just twice in 21 appearances for Hamburger SV. Hwang has since returned to Salzburg and has so far, enjoyed a fairly prosperous start to the 2019/20 campaign. Despite having to compete with coveted star Erling Haaland, Hwang has still netted six and provided seven assists in 14 league outings this season. Hwang has also impressed in Europe’s biggest club competition. In Salzburg’s six Champions League appearances this term, Hwang would score three and provided five assists, including one goal and one assist vs Liverpool.   Trotzdem bin ich sehr stolz auf unsere diese geile mannschaft 너무 멋있고 훌륭한 팀 A post shared by  황희찬 (@hwangheechan) on Dec 10, 2019 at 6:18pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Hwang is currently contracted to RB Salzburg until 2021 but could we see the South Korean on the move next month? According to Sky Sports News, Wolves are hopeful of making Hwang their first signing of the January transfer window. Sky claim that Hwang is valued by Salzburg at around £23m. The report from Sky also states Wolves have sent scouts to watch Hwang several times in December. However, Hwang is also said to be attracting interest from clubs in Germany, Spain and Italy. Wolves are currently up to 5th in the Premier League but with Nuno Santo’s side having played so many games already this season due to the Europa League, strengthening their fairly small squad in January is probably a good idea if they wish to continue challenging for a European place. See also: Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Arsenal vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals