New Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is targeting Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot as his first signing when the January transfer window opens. The Frenchman joined Juventus in the summer on a free transfer after leaving Paris Saint-Germain. However, his move hasn’t exactly gone to plan. Rabiot has only featured 12 times for Juventus this season, totalling just 711 minutes of football. Meanwhile, Mikel Arteta will no doubt look to the January window for reinforcements after his appointment. The Spaniard left Manchester City to succeed Unai Emery recently and one option in the coming window could be Rabiot. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 21: Edu Arsenal Technical Director chats to Mikel Arteta Arsenal Head Coach before the Premier League match between Everton FC and Arsenal FC at Goodison Park on December 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) According to the Times, Arteta is ‘keen’ to make Rabiot his first signing for Arsenal. They claim: ‘Arsenal hope to persuade Juventus to let the France midfielder, 24, leave on loan as he has started only five of his nine league appearances since he moved to the Italian club on a free transfer from Paris Saint-Germain in the summer.’ However, Arsenal may find it difficult persuading Juventus to let him go. According to the Times, ‘Juventus claim that they want Rabiot to stay at the club and are more willing to offload Emre Can, the former Liverpool midfielder.’ Their report also claims that interest in Rabiot looks to be independent of whether Granit Xhaka leaves for Hertha Berlin or not. According to Xhaka’s agent, the player has already agreed a deal with the Bundesliga side. However, the two clubs seemingly are yet to agree a fee. Should Arsenal and Arteta secure a loan deal for Adrien Rabiot, that could represent a coup with the Gunners in need of quality in the middle of the park. “I’m very pleased with some of the things I’ve seen, in terms of attitude, character, the passion we showed, and the fight and spirit the team showed. It was spot on”⁠ ⁠ Read more from Mikel on Arsenal.com⁠ ⁠ #BOUARS #Arteta #PremierLeague #Arsenal #AFC #MikelArteta A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Dec 26, 2019 at 2:55pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Juventus are expected to complete the signing of France midfielder Adrien Rabiot in the next 48 hours. The 24-year-old’s contract with Paris St-Germain expired on 30 June, leaving him fee to sign for rival clubs. PSG coach Thomas Tuchel refused to pick Rabiot from December last year after it became… June 30, 2019 In "News" Arsenal’s new manager? Arsenal are reportedly finalising a move for Manchester City assistant Mikel Arteta, with a three-and-a-half year contract on the table. The Spaniard played for the Gunners from 2011 to 2016, captaining the club during his stint at the Emirates. Since retiring from football, Arteta has made a… December 18, 2019 In "Sports" Arteta makes Arsenal return After what felt like an age, Arsenal finally appointed a replacement for Unai Emery on Friday the 20th of December. The Gunners have welcomed back one of their former players Mikel Arteta to the Emirates with the Spaniard set to become head coach on Sunday. Welcome… December 21, 2019 In "Sports"