Fikayo Tomori is a product of Chelsea’s youth system. The now 21-year-old spent last season on loan at Championship outfit Derby County were he has managed by now Chelsea boss, Frank Lampard. And since Lampard has taken the reins at Chelsea, he has given Tomori a lot of game time. The young central defender had no experience in the English top-flight prior to this season. However, Lampard would put his faith in Tomori and for the most part, he has been rewarded. Tomori has been in solid form for the London outfit this term and even earned a call-up to England’s last squad. And after impressing under Lampard, the Blues have now tied Tomori down to a fresh contract. Chelsea confirmed on Thursday evening that Tomori has put pen to paper on a new five-year deal, keeping him at the club until 2024. On signing his new deal, Tomori stated: “It’s obviously a very proud moment for myself and my family. I’ve been at the club since I was seven years old so I don’t really know much else other than Chelsea. “The club has been so good to me, looking after and developing me during that time into the player and the person I am today. “It’s a dream come true to sign a new five-year contract. I’m really happy the club have shown this faith in me and I’m just excited to carry on.” As quoted by Chelsea’s official website. @fikayotomori_ has signed a new Chelsea contract! — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tomori would miss out on Chelsea’s last tie vs Lille in midweek due to a small hip problem. But the Chelsea faithful will likely be hopeful Tomori can be back for their clash this weekend. Chelsea’s next tie sees them face off with Bournemouth on Saturday. Chelsea’s recent form has not been great with the Blues losing three of their last four Premier League outings. However, they should be able to put an end to that dismal run on Saturday as Bournemouth are down to 15th in the PL having lost their last five league ties. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Tomori impressing with Chelsea Fikayo Tomori is just one of the many young prospects to have come from Chelsea’s youth system. The 21-year-old has been on Chelsea’s books for all of his senior career. But it is in the last couple of months that Tomori has really begun to showcase… December 12, 2019 In "Sports" Keeping hold of their young talent Chelsea are reportedly ‘hopeful’ of agreeing new deals with young stars Tammy Abraham and Fikayo Tomori ‘in the coming weeks’. Both Abraham and Tomori have made brilliant starts to the season. Abraham spent last season on loan with Aston Villa, scoring an impressive 25… October 4, 2019 In "Sports" Keeping hold of their young talent Chelsea are reportedly ‘hopeful’ of agreeing new deals with young stars Tammy Abraham and Fikayo Tomori ‘in the coming weeks’. Both Abraham and Tomori have made brilliant starts to the season. Abraham spent last season on loan with Aston Villa, scoring an impressive 25… October 4, 2019 In "Sports"