Duncan Castles has this evening provided an update on Manchester United’s potential targets to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer on the club’s bench. Solskjaer’s men welcomed Aston Villa to Old Trafford yesterday evening, for a Premier League clash. United headed into proceedings amid a mini-slump over the previous week, having first been thoroughly outplayed en route to a 3-3 draw at Sheffield United, before falling to a 2-1 defeat at Astana in the Europa League last Thursday night. As such, the hosts were no doubt keen to get things back on track with a victory versus Villa. When all was said and done, however, the Manchester giants’ winless streak stretched to 3 games. An entertaining 90 minutes eventually saw the visitors secure a share of the spoils, in a 2-2 draw. Jack Grealish put Villa ahead early on, with a stunning right-footed curler. After a Tom Heaton own goal and Victor Lindelof’s finish either side of half-time saw United turn things around, though, it looked as though the Red Devils were set to push on towards all 3 points. But Aston Villa stood tall in the face of adversity, soon pulling level through Tyrone Mings. And this was all she wrote in terms of the goalscoring at Old Trafford, as the hosts’ recent struggles continued. As such, on the back of just the latest in a string of sub-par displays, pressure once again appears to be mounting on the shoulders of Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. With change at the helm at the likes of Tottenham and Arsenal over the last couple of weeks, club legend Solskjaer’s failure to guide the Red Devils back towards the upper echelons of the Premier League has resulted in patience wearing ever-thinner with the Norwegian. As such, a number of potential replacements for Solskjaer have been floated in the media of late. These have included Mauricio Pochettino, recently ousted by Spurs, and former Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri. And journalist Duncan Castles, who focuses heavily on Manchester United-based news, has today provided updates on the possibility of either of the aforementioned tacticians taking over at Old Trafford. In the Transfer Window Podcast, Castles reveals that executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward is a big fan of Pochettino, and would be keen to coax the Argentine to Manchester. Questions remain, though, over whether ‘Poch’ would be interested in the position. There seems to be no doubt, though, regarding Max Allegri’s willingness to take up the reins at United. The Italian views the Red Devils as a major draw, and would reportedly be ‘very interested’ in replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Crystal Palace vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals