Super agent Mino Raiola this afternoon opened up on Erling Braut Haaland’s decision to reject a transfer to Manchester United, in favour of joining Borussia Dortmund. The big transfer news across the European media yesterday came in the form of RB Salzburg sensation Haaland finding a new club. In something of a bolt from the blue, it was announced that German giants Borussia Dortmund had won the race for the in-demand teen. Haaland put pen-to-paper on a 4-and-a-half-year deal at the Westfalenstadion, and will join up with his new teammates imminently. Borussia Dortmund have completed the signing of Erling Braut Håland from @RedBullSalzburg on a contract until 2024! pic.twitter.com/C9ilU0u0dt — Borussia Dortmund (@BlackYellow) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Dortmund’s signing of Haaland has since been widely-praised, with the teen’s sensational goalscoring form to this point in the campaign having inevitably alerted a host of European heavyweights to his talents. Incredibly, Haaland has notched 28 goals and 7 assists across just 22 appearances in all competitions this season. Chief among the clubs touted as a potential destination for the striker up until yesterday’s bombshell, meanwhile, were Manchester United. The Red Devils were even said to have placed Haaland atop the club’s January transfer wishlist. As such, speaking in an interview with the Telegraph on the back of his client’s Dortmund switch being made official, the oft-controversial Mino Raiola was inevitably drawn on Haaland’s decision to opt against a move to Old Trafford. And Raiola went on to suggest that it is simply not the right time in the young hitman’s career to join a club like Manchester United: ‘The club that he had the most direct contact with him was United.’ ‘They spoke to him the most. Everybody had the chance to talk to him in person. We let that happen especially when he knows Ole.’ ‘Clearly he felt that at this moment it was not the right step in his career. There is nothing against Manchester United or Ole.’ ‘He chose Borussia Dortmund ahead of them and other clubs and I’m very happy because he is going to the club he wanted to go to and that is best for him right now.’ ‘If he wanted to go to Manchester United I would have been obliged to take him to Manchester United, but he did not.’ ‘When you are 19 then maybe you prefer not to go to the Premier League. The offer from Manchester United was good.’ ‘It was not about the economics. It is just the player chose Borussia Dortmund at this stage of his career.’ Mino Raiola speaks out over Paul Pogba’s plans for January: ‘We are good with United’ Man United interested in signing Benfica midfielder Gedson Fernandes – Sky Source: Great Goals