The reliable David Ornstein has this evening provided a brief update on Arsenal’s search for a new permanent manager. As has since been headline news across the English media, the Arsenal board came to the decision to part ways with Unai Emery last Friday. On the back of a dismal recent run of form, which had seen the Gunners go winless in 7 straight outings across all competitions, it was confirmed that Spanish tactician Emery, along with his coaching staff, had been relieved of their duties with immediate effect. Club statement: Unai Emery — Arsenal (@Arsenal) November 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Club legend Freddie Ljungberg, meanwhile, was subsequently instilled as Emery’s replacement, on an interim basis. The Swede took charge of his first outing on Sunday afternoon, with Arsenal having been held to a 2-2 draw by relegation-battling Norwich City. The reaction to Ljungberg’s debut on the Gunners bench has since widely varied, with some having pointed to the attacking intent showcased over the opening half-hour as cause for optimism. Others, though, couldn’t help but focus on Arsenal’s continued struggles on the defensive end. It should of course also be taken into account that Ljungberg had only two days to prepare his side for their meeting with Norwich, following Emery’s sacking. Nevertheless, as per the aforementioned update from the reliable David Ornstein, the Arsenal club icon is already under consideration to potentially be handed the reins at the Emirates on a permanent basis. Ljungberg is said to ‘stand a chance’. Ornstein adds, though, that he predicts an ‘external candidate’ will be brought in, amid links with the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Brendan Rodgers. Significantly, it is also suggested that the Arsenal hierarchy will look to make a decision on the club’s new boss ‘sooner, rather than later’: Ornstein: ‘Freddie Ljungberg stands a chance, don’t know how big a chance. I do think it will be an external candidate and I do think that despite not being in a huge rush or panic, they will look to do it sooner rather than later’ — Z (@ZR_7G1) December 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals