As per a report from Spanish outlet Marca, former Arsenal boss Unai Emery opted to turn down the opportunity to replace Marco Silva at Everton. The last month has seen 3 of the Premier League’s top clubs come to the respective decisions to part with their managers. First, Tottenham opted to dismiss Mauricio Pochettino, before appointing Jose Mourinho as his replacement. North London rivals Arsenal then sacked Unai Emery, on the back of a 7-match winless streak. Finally, last week, Marco Silva was given the boot by Everton, after the Toffees slipped into a relegation dogfight. 🔵 | Everton Football Club can confirm that manager Marco Silva has left the Club. #EFC pic.twitter.com/R2JqAMBdu2 — Everton (@Everton) December 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js To this point, though, neither Arsenal nor Everton have opted to install new permanent tacticians on their respective benches. Freddie Ljungberg and Duncan Ferguson have been tasked with interim duties at the Emirates and Goodison Park respectively. The latter, meanwhile, has gotten his stint in charge of his former side off to an impressive start, with Everton having picked up 4 points across a pair of meetings with Chelsea and Manchester United. Nevertheless, though, the search for a more experienced replacement for Marco Silva has long been rumoured to be underway, with recent reports having thrown a surprise name into the ring as a candidate to take up the reins at Goodison. The individual in question? Unai Emery. The Everton hierarchy are said to have made contact with the former PSG boss, to gauge his interest in making the move to Merseyside. Former @Arsenal boss Unai Emery was approached about the @Everton job, Sky Sports News understands. — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) December 9, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As per the aforementioned update courtesy of Marca (via Sky Sports), though, Emery has decided against pursuing the manager’s post at Goodison Park. The Spaniard appears set to take a break from the dugout for the time being. Emery is also said to have rejected a pair of approaches from the Chinese Super League. Crystal Palace vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Arsenal 0-3 Man City: Shambolic Gunners need a new manager, and fast Source: Great Goals As per a report from Sky Sports News, Everton have made contact with Unai Emery over the possibility of becoming the club’s new manager. PL managerial changes The last 3 weeks have seen 3 of the Premier League’s top clubs come to the respective decisions to part with their managers.… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" Where will Jose Mourinho end up? With the news that Jose Mourinho is keen to return to the Premier League for his next job, we have picked three clubs he could join. Mourinho was sacked from his last job with Manchester United after a very poor half-season. The manager’s defensive… October 30, 2019 In "Sports" As confirmed across the English media this evening, Shanghai SIPG boss Vitor Pereira has opted to drop out of the running to be named the new manager of Everton. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park… December 10, 2019 In "Sports"