Manchester United will play host to Everton this coming Sunday. After a fairly lackluster start to the current campaign, United have really turned their season round in recent weeks. The Red Devils are undefeated in their last five Premier League outings, the latest two saw Ole Gunnar Solskjaer guide his side to victories over Tottenham and Manchester United. Man United begin the weekend 5th in the Premier League. Everton, on the other hand, are 14th in the league, just two points away from the relegation zone. The Toffees also still do not have a permanent boss. However, after Duncan Ferguson guide them to an emphatic victory over Chelsea last weekend, the Everton faithful are probably more than happy to have Ferguson at the helm for the time being. Three wins on the spin #MUFC A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Dec 13, 2019 at 12:33am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js As well as picking up crucial wins over City and Spurs, United would smash Dutch outfit AZ Alkmaar 4-0 in the Europa League on Thursday. It was after this tie that Solskjaer gave an update on Jesse Lingard. Lingard was not a part of the matchday squad which hammered Alkmaar. However, OGS is hopeful Lingard can feature vs Everton: “I’m not sure about Jesse, but I hope [he can feature. He wasn’t training today, but we’ll check him on Saturday probably. He’s really come good now; he’s been fit, he’s been training well, so we hope so.” Solskjaer also gave brief updates on a few more United players, including Paul Pogba: ”Next week, Eric [Bailly] will start training, Tim [Fosu-Mensah] will start training, Paul will probably start training with us next week properly. So let’s see.“ As quoted by Manchester United’s official website. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester United vs Everton Everton’s latest clash will see them travel to Manchester United on Sunday the 15th of December. The Toffees put an end to their dismal run of form last weekend when they comprehensively beat Chelsea by three goals to one. However, despite the impressive victory over Chelsea,… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" Everton vs Chelsea Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off saw Everton playing host to Chelsea. The Toffees had been in dire form before kicking off at Goodison Park on Saturday. Everton’s last outing saw them comprehensively beaten 5-2 by their bitter rivals Liverpool in midweek. Marco Silva was then dismissed as… December 7, 2019 In "Sports" Man City vs Man United Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off sees Manchester United travel to Manchester City for the first Manchester derby of the season. The two sides head into the tie a fair way away from each other in the league table. City began Saturday sat 3rd in the… December 7, 2019 In "Sports"