As per a report from the Sun, Tottenham have joined Premier League rivals Manchester United and Arsenal in the race for out-of-favour Juventus stopper Merih Demiral. 21-year-old central-defender Demiral enjoyed a meteoric rise last season. After struggling somewhat as part of the youth setup of Portuguese giants Sporting CP, Demiral was loaned out to Alanyaspor last summer. The Turk’s return to his home country was then made permanent in January. However, just 24 hours later, it was announced that Demiral had departed the Bahçeşehir School Arena for Serie A outfit Sassuolo, on loan with obligation to buy. The no-nonsense stopper’s standout showings at the heart of the Neroverdi’s backline over the second-half of last season, though, didn’t go at all unnoticed, eventually resulting in Demiral joining his 3rd club in the space of 12 months back in July. Juventus were the outfit to have beaten off all competition to clinch a deal for the youngster, with Demiral’s form during the Bianconeri’s pre-season having seen him earn rave reviews from the club’s fans. NANJING, CHINA – JULY 24: Merih Demiral of Juventus and Joao Mario of FC Internazionale in aaction during the International Champions Cup match between Juventus and FC Internazionale at the Nanjing Olympic Center Stadium on July 24, 2019 in Nanjing, China. (Photo by Yifan Ding/Getty Images) The early months of the new season, though, have not exactly proven fruitful for Demiral in Turin. Despite Giorgio Chiellini being sidelined with a long-term injury, the Turk has majorly struggled for game-time. Sitting behind Leonardo Bonucci and big-money summer signing Matthijs de Ligt in the central-defensive pecking order of Maurizio Sarri, Demiral has been afforded just a solitary Serie A start to this point in the campaign. Surprisingly, even Daniele Rugani, who looked certain to depart the Allianz Stadium following Demiral’s arrival during the summer, has been opted for over the 21-year-old of late. As such, inevitable rumours have begun to mount, suggesting that Demiral could soon be lured away from Juventus, despite having joined the Old Lady less than half a season ago. Manchester United and Arsenal have been named as keen suitors of the stopper, with both clubs tipped for January swoops. As per the aforementioned update from the Sun, though, another English heavyweight have joined the race for Demiral’s signature. The outfit in question? Tottenham. In fact, it is claimed that the north Londoners have already gone as far as to make contact with the 11-time capped international’s agent, in anticipation of a future bid. This comes as the respective contracts of Spurs centre-halves Jan Vertonghen and Toby Alderweireld continue to wind down. The Sun also suggest that Demiral himself would be keen on a move to the Premier League. Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Gary Neville reveals hopes of Liverpool’s title push ‘falling to pieces’ Source: Great Goals Reports stemming from Italy today suggest that Premier League giants Manchester United and Arsenal are both interested in the signing of Juventus defender Merih Demiral. Juve switch 21-year-old central-defender Demiral has enjoyed a meteoric rise over the last 18 months. After struggling somewhat as part of the youth setup of… November 16, 2019 In "Sports" Reports stemming from Turkey today suggest that Premier League giants Arsenal have made initial contact over the potential signing of Juventus starlet Merih Demiral. Juve switch 21-year-old central-defender Demiral has enjoyed a meteoric rise over the last 18 months. After struggling somewhat as part of the youth setup of Portuguese… November 9, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United have opened talks with the agent of Juventus defender Merih Demiral over a possible summer move, reports claim. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is understandably keen to overhaul a United squad which finished sixth last season, missing out on a place in the Champions League. The Red Devils are hoping… July 19, 2019 In "News"