Super-agent Mino Raiola has today taken aim at Manchester United in an altogether-bizarre rant, accusing those in charge at Old Trafford of being ‘out of touch with reality’. Raiola of course represents some of world football’s biggest stars, including the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Matthijs De Ligt, and, significantly, Paul Pogba. Another of the Dutchman’s clients, meanwhile, was heavy-linked with a move to Manchester United of late. The player in question was Erling Braut Haaland. Teenage sensation Haaland has proven one of the talking points of the European season so far. After racking up a staggering 28 goals and 7 assists across 22 appearances over the early months of the campaign, the Norwegian was unsurprisingly targeted by a number of European football’s heavyweights. Chief among the clubs touted as a potential destination for the striker, meanwhile, were Manchester United. The Red Devils were even said to have placed Haaland atop the club’s January transfer wishlist. In the end, however, in something of a blot from the blue, it was confirmed on Sunday that the teen had put pen-to-paper on a deal with German giants Borussia Dortmund. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Speaking on the back of his latest high-profile client’s first big-money move, though, Mino Raiola was keen to assure that the decision to turn down Manchester United was simply down to a Premier League switch ‘not being the right step’ in Haaland’s fledgling career: ‘Clearly he felt that at this moment it was not the right step in his career. There is nothing against Manchester United or Ole.’ ‘When you are 19 then maybe you prefer not to go to the Premier League.’ Raiola’s latest comments, though, paint an altogether different picture of his feelings towards the Red Devils. During an interview with Italian outlet La Repubblica earlier today, the outspoken 52-year-old contradicted his previous claims regarding Haaland, assuring that he ‘wouldn’t take anyone’ to Old Trafford: ‘I wouldn’t take anyone there. They would even ruin [Diego] Maradona, Pele and [Paolo] Maldini.’ Raiola then went on to discuss another of his clients, who is currently plying his trade with Manchester United. The individual in question is of course World Cup winner Paul Pogba. Just yesterday, despite the widespread speculation surrounding the Frenchman’s future, Raiola insisted that Pogba would not be on the move next month: ‘Paul has always respected Manchester United just as Manchester United has also always respected Paul.’ ‘I go by what he [Solskjaer] says. He [Pogba] will not move, and that’s okay. We are good with them.’ Today, though, Raiola has claimed that the Manchester giants are ‘out of touch with reality’, and that Pogba ‘needs a squad’ similar to the one he previously lined out as part of at Juventus: ‘Pogba’s problem is Manchester United. It’s a club out of touch with reality and without a sporting project.’ ‘Paul needs a club and a squad, one like Juventus was before.’ Quotes via Bleacher Report Arsenal vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals An explanation for Manchester United choosing not to move forward with their interest in the signature of RB Salzburg star Erling Braut Haaland has emerged online. Haaland joins Dortmund Today’s big news across the European media arrived earlier this afternoon, when it was confirmed that Salzburg sensation Haaland had found… December 29, 2019 In "Sports" Super agent Mino Raiola this afternoon opened up on Erling Braut Haaland’s decision to reject a transfer to Manchester United, in favour of joining Borussia Dortmund. Dortmund beat out the competition The big transfer news across the European media yesterday came in the form of RB Salzburg sensation Haaland finding… December 30, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from the Evening Standard, Manchester United feel as though Erling Haaland’s potential move to the club hinges on the will of the player himself. United on the up On the back of a largely-disappointing opening to the campaign, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Red Devils have looked much-improved… December 19, 2019 In "Sports"