Mauricio Pochettino has today spoken out over his future, amid rumours that the former Tottenham boss could soon be appointed at a top European club. As has since been one of the talking points across the European media, Argentine tactician Pochettino was somewhat-surprisingly relieved of his duties at Spurs two weeks ago. On the back of an abysmal start to the season, which saw the north Londoners dwelling in 14th in the Premier League table, the board at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium came to the decision to part ways with their long-time boss: Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Jose Mourinho, meanwhile, was instilled as Poch’s replacement less than 12 hours later: Club statement — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) November 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, speculation has since inevitably been rampant regarding where Pochettino could end up next. Despite Spurs’ struggles under his guidance this season, the South American is still viewed by many as one of world football’s finest tacticians. One surprise potential destination to have been floated for Poch, meanwhile, has been Arsenal. The Gunners are on the lookout for a new manager, after parting ways with Unai Emery last week. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 28: Unai Emery manager of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League group F match between Arsenal FC and Eintracht Frankfurt at Emirates Stadium on November 28, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Marc Atkins/Getty Images) As such, despite his Tottenham ties, many feel as though those in charge at the Emirates should at least take a punt on attempting to lure Pochettino to the club. Pochettino himself, though, does not appear to be in any major rush to make a decision on his future. Speaking in an interview with Fox Sports in his native Argentina earlier today, the former Spurs boss discussed his plans to return to management, admitting that though it is his ‘intention’ to make a move back to Europe, he first must focus on ‘clearing his head’: ‘There are a lot of clubs and attractive projects for me to take on’ ‘But, for the time being, the most important thing is for me to clear my head after five-and-a-half incredible seasons with Tottenham.’ ‘My aim is to seek the ability to rebuild myself and get my self-motivation back.’ ‘It is my intention to return to manage in Europe. It is hard for me to imagine a project in Argentina. However for the sake of my family, I would not refuse to work over here.’ Pochettino went on to add that he is ‘open to listening to projects’ put before him, suggesting the 47-year-old may at least entertain the idea of a meeting with Arsenal: ‘But now I need to be calm for a few days and see what happens. I haven’t had a lot of time to digest what has happened with me.’ ‘My first decision was to come back to Argentina, return to my home and see family and friends. But I expect to return to Europe to make decisions on my future.’ ‘My best decision was to come to Argentina to switch off for 10 days. At my age I don’t need a lot of time to recover. I am open to listen to projects put before me.’ Quotes via the Evening Standard Crystal Palace vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson has today revealed his opinion that former club Arsenal should pull out all the stops in a bid to bring Mauricio Pochettino to the club. Spurs wield the axe As has been one of the talking points across the European media for the last week,… November 26, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from Sky Sports, German giants Bayern Munich are considering an approach for now-former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino. Poch sacked The major talking point across the European media over the last 48 hours has surrounded Spurs’ decision to sack Mauricio Pochettino. On the back of a dismal… November 21, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this afternoon moved to shut down suggestions that Mauricio Pochettino’s availability could pose an immediate threat to his position. Poch sacked The main talking point throughout the European football media over the last 72 hours has surrounded ongoings at Tottenham. In something of a… November 22, 2019 In "Sports"