Premier League outfit Watford have this evening confirmed the appointment of Nigel Pearson as their new head coach. Watford have endured an absolute nightmare start to the 2019/20 season. Despite spending big on the likes of Ismaila Sarr over the summer, the Hornets’ struggles under Javi Gracia over the early weeks of the campaign were there for all to see, eventually resulting in the Spaniard being relieved of his duties early in September. Gracia was subsequently replaced by Quique Sanchez Flores, who returned for his 2nd stint in charge at Vicarage Road. Watford’s fortunes, however, did not improve under the guidance of their new boss, with Flores having managed just a solitary Premier League victory over his first 10 fixtures back in the Hornets’ dugout. This eventually resulted in the club’s hierarchy parting with their 2nd manager in the space of 3 months, as a 2-1 defeat to fellow relegation battlers Southampton last weekend proved the final nail in Flores’ coffin. Club Statement: Quique Sánchez Flores — Watford Football Club (@WatfordFC) December 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As things stand, Watford sit dead bottom of the English top-flight table, 7 points adrift of safety. The latest individual charged with steadying the sinking ship at Vicarage Road, though, has this evening been confirmed. In a statement across the Hornets’ social media platforms a short time ago, Nigel Pearson was named as the club’s new head coach. Former Derby and Leicester boss Pearson has been appointed until the end of the season: We are pleased to confirm the appointment of Nigel Pearson as Head Coach on a contract that runs initially until the end of this season. — Watford Football Club (@WatfordFC) December 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The 56-year-old has been out of work since being dismissed by Belgian outfit OH Leuven in February of this year. Tottenham vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Everton vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Bournemouth vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Now-former Watford manager Javi Gracia has today taken to social media, to react to his sacking yesterday evening. Watford’s woes On the back of an impressive campaign last time out, during which they battled for a Europa League berth, and made it all the way to the FA Cup final,… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Watford manager Javi Gracia has this evening become the first managerial casualty of the Premier League season. Watford’s woes On the back of an impressive campaign last time out, during which they battled for a Europa League berth, and made it all the way to the FA Cup final, the… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Quique Sanchez Flores & Watford Last weekend, the first Premier League sacking of the season occurred at Watford. Javi Gracia, months after agreeing a four-and-a-half year deal with the Hornets, was fired. Watford moved quickly to announce the re-appointment of Quique Sanchez Flores at Vicarage Road. Flores left the Hornets… September 9, 2019 In "Sports"