The reports have it that the singer who was in the company of his brothers; Idris Fashola and Babatunde Fashola stole a Toyota Camry car worth 1.8 million naira. The incident has been reported to happen after a car belonging to one Mr Adelekan Ademola hit Naira Marley’s car from behind while he was having a good time with his fans from afar, spraying money to them. This according to reports got his brothers angry and it led to them assaulting the car owner. They jumped into the car and drove-off after satisfyingly assaulting the young man. However, the chief magistrate of a court in Lagos, Mr Tajudeen Elias has ordered the singer’s arrest, telling the police officer investigating the incident to produce Naira Marley in court on the 21th of December, 2019. According to reports also, Naira Marley’s brothers have been arrested in connection with theft, assault and obstructing the arrest of Naira Marley. Could this be another huge saga for Naira Marley?? We hope not! Added details: Alleged stolen car’s plate number: FEE 120 AA An Iphone Xsmax worth 330,000 naira is reported to be in the alleged stolen car before be driven off. The post Breaking!!! Naira Marley Reportedly Steals Car In Lekki, Court Orders Arrest appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive While his case with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is still ongoing, a Chief Magistrates Court in Lagos has ordered the arrest of rapper Naira Marley. This time, Naira is accused of theft: a car and an iPhone. According to Punch, the prosecutor, ASP Edet Okoi, told the court the story:… December 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" A Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos has ordered the Nigerian musician, Adeyemi Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley to be arrested and arraigned over alleged car theft. Chief magistrate, Mr Tajudeen Elias, ordered that the Investigating Police Officer (IPO), Sgt. Sunday Idoko, handling the case must present Naira Marley in… December 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" <p class="">Ruggedman is clearing the air about his alleged involvement in Naira Marley's arrest.</p> <h1>For those who think Ruggedman has anything to do with Naira Marleys arrest, he wants them to desist from making that assumption.</h1> <p class="">The veteran rapper released a statement where he debunked the news going around… May 14, 2019 In "News"