Matt Law of the Telegraph has tonight provided an insight into Chelsea’s plans on the transfer market, with Frank Lampard eager to add further depth to his side’s attacking ranks. Lampard’s Blues welcomed Bournemouth to Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. The hosts headed into proceedings desperate for a bounce-back result, on the back of 3 defeats in their previous 4 league fixtures. A meeting with Eddie Howe’s Bournemouth, meanwhile, could not have represented a more perfect opportunity for Lampard’s men to get back on track, with the Cherries having been put to the sword in all 5 of their most recent outings before Saturday. When all was said and done in London, however, Chelsea once again failed to get the job done. Another sub-par performance from the capital giants eventually saw Bournemouth secure all 3 points, courtesy of Dan Gosling’s strike 5 minutes from time. As such, as outlined above, Chelsea have now lost 4 of their last 5 Premier League fixtures. This has seen what looked a comfortable gap between the 4th-placed Pensioners and the chasing pack for the final Champions League berth cut to just 3 points. Key to Chelsea’s domestic struggles of late, meanwhile, has been an alarming lack of production in attacking areas. Their 2-1 victory over Aston Villa two weeks ago aside, Frank Lampard’s men have managed a paltry 2 goals across 4 league fixtures. And this worrying stat could well see those in charge of transfers at Stamford Bridge sanction a hefty spending spree next month. As per the aforementioned report from the reliable Matt Law of the Telegraph, Lampard is ‘preparing to start spending his £150 million transfer budget.’ This comes with the Blues boss now more eager than ever to add to his side’s attacking ranks, after being handed a tough Champions League last-16 meeting with German champions Bayern Munich in this morning’s draw. Law also goes on to provide an insight into some of the names on Chelsea’s wish-list. Chief among the club’s targets are Jadon Sancho and Wilfried Zaha. However, with January deals for either looking unlikely, alternative options have also been identified. These include the likes of Bayer Leverkusen’s Leon Bailey and Villareal’s Samuel Chukwueze. In terms of reinforcements at centre-forward, the Londoners are keen on both Timo Werner of RB Leipzig, and Lyon’s Moussa Dembele. Finally, Chelsea are said to be strongly considering activating their £40 million buyback option on Bournemouth defender Nathan Ake. Chelsea look for attacking options as Frank Lampard prepares to start spending £150 million transfer budget | @Matt_Law_DT
https://t.co/D5DzZmOH9X — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) December 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js ‘Clock ticking’ on Chelsea’s Nathan Ake buyback clause – Ornstein Source: Great Goals