Jurgen Klopp has revealed changes to the Liverpool line-up ahead of the game with Everton are tactical, as Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino miss out. The Reds will take on Everton as Amazon Prime Sport’s late game, in what could be a feisty Merseyside derby. After Manchester City’s win over Burnley on Tuesday, Liverpool need to keep up their brilliant pace which they’ve shown since the beginning of the season. Though, they come up against the neighbours Everton in the Merseyside derby tonight. While form usually goes out of the window in derby games, Everton have been in free-fall this season. Marco Silva’s side find themselves sat 17th in the Premier League. They are also yet to win a game at Anfield in 20 years. Now, Jurgen Klopp may have given them the chance to change that with a suspect starting eleven.   DERBY DAY. #merseysidederby #merseyside #derby #everton #blues #toffees #liverpool #anfield #LIVEVE #premierleague #pl A post shared by  Everton (@everton) on Dec 3, 2019 at 11:33pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js As announced prior to the game, Liverpool have made five changes for the game. It was expected that Adrian would replace the suspended Alisson Becker. However, Adam Lallana, Divock Origi, Xherdan Shaqiri are all surprise inclusions. Firmino and Salah drop to the bench. Now, Klopp has explained his decision. “One change we had to do in Adrian for Alisson, and the other four we wanted to do, just to respect the game, to respect the intensity of the game first and foremost,” Klopp explained, as quoted by the official Liverpool website. “We did it because we can do it. I have to show the respect for the boys and I’ve said a lot of times how much I like the squad and now we have to use it. “That’s the line-up for today because we think the game will be really intense and for this you need kind of fresh legs and we try to bring them in.”   Tonight’s #MerseysideDerby team news #LIVEVE #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Liverpool #Anfield #EFC #PremierLeague A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Dec 4, 2019 at 11:15am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Arsenal vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this afternoon provided a fitness update on his squad, ahead of tomorrow night’s Merseyside derby. Liverpool vs Everton The European champions are set to welcome Everton to Anfield in a little over 24 hours’ time, for a Premier League clash. The two sides, though, will… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Joe Gomez PHOTO:AFP/getty image Liverpool defender Joe Gomez has urged his team-mates to bounce back from the draw in the Merseyside derby when they host West Bromwich Albion on Wednesday. The Reds were held 1-1 by Everton at Anfield despite having the bulk of possession in the match after Wayne… December 12, 2017 In "News" Liverpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Everton in the English Premier League Merseyside derby Anfield on Sunday. Mohammed Salah scored the opener in the 42nd minute, curling in a left footed strike after he skipped past Cuca Martina and Idrissa Gueye. The goal was his 13th in the… December 10, 2017 In "Sports"