Fikayo Tomori is just one of the many young prospects to have come from Chelsea’s youth system. The 21-year-old has been on Chelsea’s books for all of his senior career. But it is in the last couple of months that Tomori has really begun to showcase his talent. The centre-back spent the 2018/19 campaign on loan in the Championship with Derby County. Frank Lampard was in charge of the Rams whilst Tomori was on loan there and the now Chelsea boss appears to have liked what he saw from Tomori. Lampard has shown a lot of faith in the young Englishman since taking the reins at Stamford Bridge. Despite having no Premier League experience prior to this campaign, Lampard has already handed Tomori 11 PL starts this season. Granted, a case could be made that Tomori was only given so many chances due to a combination of Chelsea not being able to sign players over the summer and Antonio Rudiger being injured for much of the current season. But whatever the reason was for Tomori being handed so many minutes, the centre-back grabbed the opportunity with both hands and he has been a solid player for the London outfit so far this season. . A post shared by  Fikayo Tomori (@fikayotomori) on Dec 5, 2019 at 9:28am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Tomori’s current Chelsea contract is set to expire in July of 2021. But after his emphatic start to the campaign, it appears Chelsea want to tie Tomori down to a new deal. According to the Evening Standard, Chelsea want to tie Tomori down to a new deal and have held positive talks over a new five-year contract. As per the ES, Chelsea have been talking to Tomori’s representatives since autumn and it is believed all parties are confident of agreeing a five-year contract in the coming weeks. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Keeping hold of their young talent Chelsea are reportedly ‘hopeful’ of agreeing new deals with young stars Tammy Abraham and Fikayo Tomori ‘in the coming weeks’. Both Abraham and Tomori have made brilliant starts to the season. Abraham spent last season on loan with Aston Villa, scoring an impressive 25… October 4, 2019 In "Sports" Keeping hold of their young talent Chelsea are reportedly ‘hopeful’ of agreeing new deals with young stars Tammy Abraham and Fikayo Tomori ‘in the coming weeks’. Both Abraham and Tomori have made brilliant starts to the season. Abraham spent last season on loan with Aston Villa, scoring an impressive 25… October 4, 2019 In "Sports" Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"