Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off sees Everton playing host to Arsenal. The Toffees head into the tie in decent form. Since Duncan Ferguson was named caretaker boss the Toffees have beaten Chelsea, drawn with Manchester United and lost on penalties vs an in-form Leicester in the League Cup. And given the Gunners have been in pretty poor form of late, another positive result for Everton does seem pretty likely on Saturday afternoon. You can check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here or find out how to watch the tie here. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 07: Interim Everton Manager, Duncan Ferguson gestures from the sidelines during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Chelsea FC at Goodison Park on December 07, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Chris Brunskill/Fantasista/Getty Images) But while Ferguson has been doing a stand-up job in the Everton dugout, it will be his last game as caretaker manager. After a fair bit of speculation, Everton have finally appointed Carlo Ancelotti as Everton manager. The Italian is one of the most decorated managers in European football having won silverware with the likes of Chelsea, PSG, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. Everton would confirm that Ancelotti would be in attendance at Goodison Park on Saturday as a spectator, with his first game in the Everton dugout taking place on December 26th vs Burnley. When speaking about taking the Everton job, Ancelotti also confirmed that Ferguson would be part of his backroom team moving forward: “This is a great club with a rich history and a very passionate fan base. There is a clear vision from the Owner and the Board to deliver success and trophies. That is something that appeals to me as a manager and I am thrilled at the prospect of being able to work with everybody at the Club to help make that vision a reality. “I have seen from the performances in the last two weeks that the players are capable of so much. The work Duncan has done is a great credit to him. Strong organisation, strong discipline and the right motivation are some of the key ingredients in football and I’m pleased that he will be part of my backroom team moving forward.” As quoted by Everton’s official website. | Benvenuto, @MrAncelotti! #WelcomeMrAncelotti — Everton (@Everton) December 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Norwich City vs Wolves betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Brighton vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester United vs Everton Everton’s latest clash will see them travel to Manchester United on Sunday the 15th of December. The Toffees put an end to their dismal run of form last weekend when they comprehensively beat Chelsea by three goals to one. However, despite the impressive victory over Chelsea,… December 11, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Everton Manchester United and Everton went head-to-head on Sunday afternoon. The Toffees headed into the tie sat 15th in the Premier League, just two points adrift of the relegation zone. But Everton would pick up an impressive 3-1 victory over Chelsea last weekend in what was Duncan… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" An update on the managerial situation at Everton has emerged online this evening, ahead of the club’s meeting with Arsenal. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at… December 19, 2019 In "Sports"