Manchester City will travel to Wolves on Friday the 27th of December as they continue their tough run of games over the holiday period. City have already had to face 2nd place Leicester City this past weekend with the Citizens emerging from said tie with a commanding 3-1 victory. But traveling to Wolves will likely prove an equally tough test for the Manchester powerhouse. Since their return to top-flight football Wolves have cemented themselves as a top-half side and have an especially good record against the Premier League’s bigger clubs. Nuno Santo’s outfit have already beaten Man City once this season, coming away from the Etihad with a 2-0 victory back in October. But with Man City still 11 points off table-topping Liverpool, who have a game in hand over Guardiola’s men, City can’t afford any slip-ups in the near future. Ahead of the clash with Wolves, Guardiola has labeled them one of the toughest opponents and praised the work of Nuno Santo: “Wolves is always one of the toughest opponents. What Nuno is doing is incredible. It is one of the toughest games and at home they are incredibly organised with pace up front. “Hopefully we can maintain the level of the last weeks and last games.” PEP Wolves is always one of the toughest opponents. What Nuno is doing is incredible. It is one of the toughest games and at home they are incredibly organised with pace up front. Hopefully we can maintain the level of the last weeks and last games. — Manchester City (@ManCity) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Guardiola would also provide updates on four Man City players ahead of the Wolves tie. Kevin De Bruyne was in fine form this past weekend but the Belgian had to be withdrawn late in the game. Luckily for City though, Guardiola has claimed KDB was not injured and is ok. The Spaniard then gave updates on Sergio Aguero, David Silva and John Stones with Pep confirming Stones is not ready. PEP @DeBruyneKev was not injured – he is okay.@21LVA is better but he still continues.@aguerosergiokun, I don’t know how long, day by day every training he’s getting better. Stones is not ready. @marathonbet
#ManCity https://t.co/J0Wt7kqQYQ — Manchester City (@ManCity) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Guardiola would like to remain at Man City ‘as much as possible’ Chelsea & Man City dominate Alan Shearer’s Premier League Team of the Decade Source: Great Goals Man City 0-Wolves 2 Manchester City went head-to-head with Wolves in one of four Premier League games taking place on Sunday. Wolves had not been in great form prior to facing City and Nuno Santo’s side began the day in 15th place. Wolves had also played Besiktas on Thursday evening… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Man City vs Wolves Manchester City played host to Wolves on Sunday afternoon. After Liverpool bagged an injury-time winner vs Leicester on Saturday Man City started the day eight points off top spot. As for Wolves, they began the day in 15th place with just seven points. However, they could… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Manchester City 3-2 on penalties after a goalless draw to lift the Premier League Asia Trophy in Shanghai, According to 90min.com. City dominated the game in the first half and saw a number of glorious chances to take the lead go begging, as Wolves just about kept… July 20, 2019 In "News"