As per a report from Laurie Whitwell of the Athletic, Manchester United have identified a pair of high-profile targets for the January transfer window. On the back of a largely-disappointing opening to the campaign, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Red Devils have looked much-improved of late. First, United welcomed Premier League top-4 rivals Tottenham to Old Trafford last week, with the hosts having eventually emerged with a crucial 2-1 win. This was followed by a derby showdown with Manchester City at the Etihad over the weekend. And the Red Devils went on to build on their victory over Spurs with a 2nd-straight high-profile 3-point haul versus Pep Guardiola’s men. A superb performance on the part of the visitors, going forward in the first-half, and defensively following the interval, eventually saw United emerge with an impressive 2-1 victory. The Old Trafford giants, though, do not appear ready to rest on their laurels. As per the aforementioned report from the Athletic, United are eyeing a pair of big-name reinforcements to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad. The players in question come in the form of Erling Braut Haaland and James Maddison. RB Salzburg sensation Haaland has been in irresistible form over the early months of the season, having racked up a staggering 28 goals and 7 assists across 22 appearances in all competitions. SALZBURG, AUSTRIA – SEPTEMBER 17: Erling Haaland of Salzburg celebrates after scoring during the UEFA Champions League match between RB Salzburg and KRC Genk at Red Bull Arena on September 17, 2019 in Salzburg, Austria. (Photo by David Geieregger/SEPA.Media /Getty Images) The 19-year-old has unsurprisingly been earmarked as a potential world-beater by a number of Europe’s top clubs, but Manchester United seemingly plan to steal a match on any and all competitors for his signature with a January proposal. Up top, though, isn’t the only area where Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and co. are said to be eyeing fresh faces. Leicester City midfielder James Maddison, long named as a target of the Red Devils, could also be the subject of a winter bid. The Manchester powerhouse are keen to add a dash of creativity to their midfield ranks, with Maddison, who has enjoyed a fine campaign with Leicester to this point, a prime target. Chelsea vs Lille betting tips: UEFA Champions League match preview & predictions RB Salzburg vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Dinamo Zagreb vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Bayern Munich vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals