Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has opened up on his side’s star defender missing out on the Ballon d’Or crown to Lionel Messi. The latest edition of the ‘Golden Ball’ ceremony took place in Paris last night. The event sees the finest 30 players from around the globe over the course of the calendar year come together with hopes of being crowned France Football’s Ballon d’Or winner. In the buildup to yesterday’s gala, two players stood as the runaway favourites to clinch the award, in the form of Lionel Messi and Virgil van Dijk. As such, it came as little surprise when the final-4 came down to the aforementioned Barcelona and Liverpool stars, along with Cristiano Ronaldo and Sadio Mane. In the end, though, there could only be one winner, with Messi having eventually clinched the Ballon d’Or for a record-breaking 6th time: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Van Dijk finished 2nd in the standings, with Ronaldo having beaten out Mane for a place in the top-3: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Opinions, though, have since widely-varied regarding whether or not van Dijk should actually have been crowned, rather than Messi. Powerhouse stopper van Dijk has enjoyed an absolutely sensational calendar year with both Liverpool and the Netherlands, having established himself as, in the eyes of most, the finest defender on the planet. And one individual who certainly seems to be of the opinion that the Dutchman’s form over the course of 2019 should have resulted in van Dijk being named the first defender to win the Ballon d’Or since Fabio Cannavaro, is Jurgen Klopp. Speaking on the back of last night’s award ceremony, Liverpool boss Klopp explained: ‘Lionel Messi is probably best player I have seen in my life. But the last season I can not remember a more impressive season by a defender ever (than that of Virgil van Dijk).’ https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester United vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Lionel Messi has this evening been named as the 2019 Ballon d’Or winner, marking the Argentine’s record-breaking 6th crown. Ballon d’Or 2019 The Ballon d’Or ceremony, which sees the finest footballers from around the globe gather with respective hopes of being named the world’s best for the calendar year, took… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" Argentina and Barcelona star Lionel Messi has won the Ballon d’Or for the 6th time. Messi took home the prize ahead of Liverpool and Netherlands player Virgil van Dijk, who took second place. The Barcelona star’s long time rival and five-time winner, Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal and Real Madrid, came third. Speaking while receiving… December 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" Van Dijk’s Liverpool stint Virgil van Dijk made the switch to Liverpool from Southampton in January of 2018. Since joining the Merseyside powerhouse, van Dijk’s rise to one of the best defenders in Europe has been dramatic. The Dutchman helped transform a previously shaky Liverpool backline into one of the… November 12, 2019 In "Sports"