Show Dem Camp Announces “Palmwine Music Festival” 2019 The Show Dem Camp Crew (made up of Tec & Ghost) have finally made up plans for the 2019 edition of the Palmwine Music Festival. The veteran alternative crew whose brand new album “The Palmwine Express” is currently doing some crazy numbers, are set to go on a roll again with a never-seen-before concert which will be talked about for a long time to come. SEE ALSO: Show Dem Camp – The Palmwine Express | Album Review The event, which is taking place on the 28th of October at The Muri Okunola Park, Victoria Island, is set to experience some major performances from some of your biggest acts – Vector, Ycee, Ajebutter22, Tems, Moelogo, Ladi Poe, Oxlade, Buju, Jinmi Abduls, Tomi Thomas and many more. CHECK: Show Dem Camp ft Buju – Do Me Nice On the wheels of steel will be DJs – Joey, Femo, Camron and others. Time for the event is 5pm and tickets could be purchased at www.palmwinefest.com Media support by notjustOk  STREAM “The Palmwine Express” Album Below    The post Show Dem Camp Announces “Palmwine Music Festival” 2019 appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Show Dem Camp released the third installment of their Palmwine Music series titled The Palmwine Express. Do Me Nice featuring fast rising crooner Buju seems to be one of the favorites and the more commercial record on the album and interestingly has been nicknamed Tropicana Part II. If you… December 15, 2019 In "Music/Video" Show Dem Camp has announced the would-be third project in their famed Palmwine series. The album, scheduled for release on December 13th, is titled The Palmwine Express.   View this post on Instagram Our new project…The Palmwine Express arrives December 13th. Who’s onboard A post shared by King Davies (@showdemcamp) on… December 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" Rap music in Nigeria, to be commercially viable, has to feature local elements. Many Hip Hop artistes, with their rigid artistry, barely scratch at the top, where mainstream acts reside. Some have mastered the game, and have the delivered local, and held down the rap aspect, too. Artistes like Nigga… December 18, 2019 In "Music/Video"