Pep Guardiola took charge of Manchester City ahead of the 2016/17 campaign. The Spaniard’s first season in Manchester wasn’t too bad but it wasn’t exactly superb. City finished the 2016/17 Premier League season 3rd in the league, 15 points off eventual winners, Chelsea. Guardiola was also unable to attain any silverware that season. However, the 2017/18 campaign saw Guardiola and City absolutely dominate the English top-flight. City amassed a record-breaking 100 points in the league that season whilst also winning the League Cup. The former Barcelona boss had a similarly impressive time in the Man City dugout last term. Man City once again won the league and League Cup whilst also adding the FA Cup to Guardiola’s list of trophies. As a result, the Citizens became the first male English side to win the domestic treble. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – MAY 06: Josep Guardiola, Manager of Manchester City in discussion with assistant Mikel Arteta during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Leicester City at Etihad Stadium on May 06, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matt McNulty – Manchester City/Manchester City FC via Getty Images) But after setting the bar so high in the previous two seasons, City have fallen off somewhat in the 2019/20 campaign. With less than half of the Premier League season behind us, Man City are already 14 points adrift of table-topping Liverpool with their hopes of clinching a third successive league title looking increasingly slim. And with Guardiola’s current contract running out in 2021, it seems the Sky Blues are beginning to plan for life after Pep. The Mirror have reported that the Premier League champions are sounding out potential successors to Guardiola with former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino on their list: Man City are understood to be sounding out potential successors to Guardiola as part of a contingency plan, with former Tottenham boss Pochettino on the list. Guardiola has previously stated that he is ‘so comfortable’ working with City: “I’m so comfortable working with this club. When you are [somewhere for] five years it depends on the results. We will see what happens this season and next season.” As quoted by the Mirror. But the aforementioned report the Mirror claims the departure of Mikel Arteta may have bigger repercussions for Man City. See also: Mikel Arteta has left Manchester City and will join Arsenal – Di Marzio Daniel Levy on finding acres of cannabis in a Tottenham warehouse & updates on Eriksen’s Spurs future Source: Great Goals Pep’s Man City stint Pep Guardiola has been Manchester City boss since the beginning of the 2016/17 campaign. During his stint with the Sky Blues Pep has helped transform the club into one of the most feared sides in Europe. Whilst under Guardiola’s guidance City have earned a record-breaking 100… November 30, 2019 In "Sports" Pep Guardiola saluted his “incredible” Manchester City as the champions became the first Premier League side to reach 100 points thanks to a 1-0 win at Southampton on Sunday. #CENTURIONS pic.twitter.com/Ui0efaa7U2 — Manchester City (@ManCity) May 13, 2018 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Guardiola’s team have been focused on rewriting the record books since… May 13, 2018 In "News" Guardiola on City future Pep Guardiola made the switch to Manchester City in 2016. Since taking the reins at the Etihad, Guardiola has transformed the Citizens into one of the most feared sides in the English top-flight. Pep has won a plethora of trophies during his time in Manchester, including… November 23, 2019 In "Sports"