Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc has this evening moved to shut down speculation that Jadon Sancho could depart the club next month. Lucien Favre’s men welcomed Fortuna Dusseldorf to the Westfalenstadion earlier today, for their latest Bundesliga outing. Dortmund headed into proceedings amid a less-than-impressive spell of form of late, having managed just 1 win from their last 4 fixtures across all competitions. This victory, though, came last time out, when BVB put Hertha Berlin to the sword by 2 goals to 1. And, when all was said and done this afternoon, Dortmund made it two wins from two, in comprehensive fashion. Marco Reus and Jadon Sancho proved the stars of the show, each bagging two goals and an assist. Thorgan Hazard, brother of Real Madrid star Eden, was also on target. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sancho’s contribution versus Fortuna took the English international’s tally to an impressive 5 goals and 2 assists across his last 4 appearances in Dortmund’s colours. This, though, comes amid heavy recent speculation that Sancho has become unsettled in Germany, and is eyeing a January transfer: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js All of Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool, meanwhile, have been named as keen suitors of the explosive winger. If the latest word coming out of Dortmund is anything to go by, though, then Sancho will be going absolutely nowhere, in January at least. Speaking to the media earlier today, BVB sporting director Michael Zorc shut down the possibility of his side’s crown jewel departing next month: ‘We’re continuing to plan with him. He’s a fundamental player for us and I do not see any scenario where he leaves us (in January).’ ‘We have already had some situations with him to talk about, and there have been a lot of interviews in the last few weeks.’ ‘We are in a good way; when he came off the bench in Barcelona and also in Berlin, he gave us a top performance.’ Quotes via the Manchester Evening News Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Tottenham provide explanation for Ndombele & Winks’ absence vs Burnley Source: Great Goals Watch all the goals from Borussia Dortmund's 5-1 win over FC Augsburg in Germany's Bundesliga, including a great strike from England's Jadon Sancho. Source: BBC Sport August 19, 2019 In "Sports" Jadon Sancho’s superb start to the season continued as he scored and creating another as Borussia Dortmund rallied late to win 3-1 at Cologne, according to Eurosport.co.uk reports. The England star, who has just signed a new five-year deal at Dortmund, equalised with a neat turn and left-footed drive and… August 23, 2019 In "News" The latest reports stemming from the European media this afternoon suggest that Liverpool are leading the race to sign in-demand Borussia Dortmund star Jadon Sancho. Sancho’s meteoric rise 19-year-old winger Sancho proved one of the talking points of European football last season. The English youngster, who made the move to… December 2, 2019 In "Sports"