All hell was let loose on social media last night when a supposed advert by COZA featuring Davido found its way on the internet. This supposed advert caused a lot of uproar, making fans condemn Davido for associating with a church that its pastor had a serious rape case with the wife of a music colleague. This uproar has now led Davido to quickly releasing a statement via his social media pages telling everyone he never made an advert for COZA. He said he was only doing his duty as a celebrity, accomodating fans which led to him speaking with a little girl that was introduced as a fan by a possible member of the church. He said he is now surprised that the little time with the girl has led COZA into putting it out as an advert. See post below: Biko who advised Davido to record this promotional video for COZA 12 days of Glory? Totally disappointed. You people should do better. Biodun Fatoyinbo we see your PR work with Davido, but the world knows who you’re. pic.twitter.com/fJa1Yvg4qJ — Ugo (@UgoIkeakor) December 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js To whom it may concern pic.twitter.com/OMBlWNuWEo — Davido (@davido) December 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Davido Declares Possible War On Pastor Fatoyinbo & COZA After Being ‘Scammed’ By The Church appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Davido’s appearance in the Common Wealth of Zion Assembly(COZA) promotional ad has garnered mixed reactions from Nigerians. Biodun Fatoyinbo took to his Instagram page to share a promotional video that featured the music star and a little girl having a conversation in preparation for a program organized by the church.… December 18, 2019 In "Music/Video" Timi Dakolo has spoken up about claims that he used to be a COZA member, that he married Busola as a music director there and had his kids in the same Church. These were stories that people who were trying to discredit Busola’s stories had come up with. Timi had… July 4, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tribune Online BREAKING: Modele Fatoyinbo defends husband as groups protest rape allegation to COZA church Pastor Modele Fatoyinbo, wife of the global senior pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), on Sunday, ministering at the church service described the rape allegation against her husband as false. During her ministration… June 30, 2019 In "News"