Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 17 kicks off on Saturday the 14th of December at 12:30 pm UK time, when Liverpool play host to Watford. Gameweek 17 will end on Monday the 16th of December, with Brighton traveling to Crystal Palace So, all of your transfers for GW17 need to be done by 11:30 am UK time on Saturday. But if you are struggling to choose who to sign and who to sell this week, here are some tips. Chelsea are set to play host to Bournemouth this game week. Granted, Chelsea have not been in great form of late, losing three of their last five Premier League outings. However, despite the results, Chelsea have still been doing fairly well going forward and should have no problems scoring against Bournemouth. The Cherries are in dismal form, losing all of their last five PL outings. It is also worth noting that arguably Bournemouth’s best defender Nathan Ake is ruled out for the clash at Stamford Bridge. The latest from the treatment room… Ake, hamstring
King & C Wilson, hopeful
S Cook, not yet#afcbhttps://t.co/4OvjoHHRiE — AFC Bournemouth (@afcbournemouth) December 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js So, given Bournemouth’s recent form and the absence of Ake, there is a good chance Tammy Abraham will once again be amongst the goals this weekend. Abraham has scored 11 and assisted three in the league so far this term. Jamie Vardy has once again made it into one of these pieces but seriously, if you don’t have Vardy in your FPL side by now, what is wrong with you? The former England international has had a scintillating first half of the 2019/20 campaign. Vardy is currently the top scorer in the Premier League with 16 goals netted in 16 outings. The Leicester man has also provided four assists in the league this term and he has amassed a staggering 128 points on FPL. That makes him not only the top forward on FPL but also the top player from any position. And with high-flying Leicester at home to relegation-battling Norwich this game week, another goal or two looks very likely for Vardy. Liverpool are at home to Watford this weekend. Granted Watford do have a new boss in the form of Nigel Pearson for the trip to Anfield. But even with the impact of a new boss, it is hard to see Watford getting anything out of this tie. The Hornets have earned just nine points from 16 PL outings this term. As for Liverpool, they are undefeated in the league this season and have a commanding eight-point lead atop of the table. So, even if Watford somehow salvage a draw, there is a good chance Liverpool will score and with Sadio Mane their best performer on FPL this season, you probably want him in your side. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 17: Sadio Mane of Liverpool celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Liverpool FC at St Mary’s Stadium on August 17, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images) Harry Kane is by no means having a bad season with Tottenham. The striker has scored nine and provided two assists in the league this campaign. However, at 10.9, Kane simply isn’t worth his price. Kane’s teammate Heung-Min Son is currently 0.9 cheaper than Kane and has five more points. And should you wish to replace Kane with a striker from another team, there are six players above Kane in the FPL forward leaderboard, all of which are currently cheaper than him.  LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 26: Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur during the UEFA Champions League group B match between Tottenham Hotspur and Olympiacos FC at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on November 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Visionhaus) Much like Kane, Antony Martial is not having a terrible season. However, if you want a Man United player in your FPL side, you would probably be better served signing Marcus Rashford. Martial has scored just once in his last five PL outings with Daniel James earning more FPL points than him this season. Rashford also looks to be much better value for money than Martial. The Englishman has scored four in his last four league ties and is the joint second-best forward on FPL with only Jamie Vardy earning more points them him.  SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 24: Anthony Martial of Manchester United during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Manchester United at Bramall Lane on November 24, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) While Everton turned their fortunes around last weekend with a 3-1 win over Chelsea, Lucas Digne has not. The Frenchman seemed like a fairly popular player in FPL sides at the beginning of the season. But with just one goal contribution and zero clean sheets in his last seven league appearances, Digne really isn’t justifying his price-tag. The likes of John Lundstram and Caglar Soyuncu would be much better defensive options for your side. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals