BERLIN, GERMANY – FEBRUARY 25: Mark Zuckerberg (R) and Priscilla Chan arrive for the presentation of the first Axel Springer Award on February 25, 2016 in Berlin, Germany. (Photo by Adam Berry/Getty Images) Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan had their first-ever joint network TV interview with “CBS this Morning” with co-host, Gayle King on Tuesday. They spoke about steering their wealth toward a philanthropist initiative, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI), the letter announcing the new initiative coming just days after the birth of their first daughter, Max. Zuckerberg admitted to King that he was working on that letter even while his wife was in labor, which he said, “in retrospect,” was “not my best thing.” CZI will be awarding millions of dollars to projects, such as disease elimination and improving equity in education. They also discussed what they want to accomplish with the philanthropic endeavor. Zuckerberg said: “There are a lot of philanthropies that try to bring capital, right? And help fund important work. But there aren’t that many that have the capability to build tools to empower different folks who are on the front lines”. “Teachers, doctors, scientists — we don’t have the right tools to do that. And Mark has such incredible experience of building tools,” Chan added. Gayle asked about one of the promises they gave, which is “to eliminate all diseases”, Zuckerberg replied: “Well, we’re not going to do that ourselves, but… we do think that it will be possible to cure, prevent, or be able to manage all diseases by the end of this century”. Chan also affirmed one of those goals, to map every single cell in the human body, adding: “You would think that we already know all the cells and what they do, and the thing is, we don’t … and we need a reference.” Zuckerberg said such a biological map could serve as a “very basic building block for a lot of biological research to happen on top of that.” Read the full interview on cbsnews.com Watch the interview below. .@facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, have promised 99% of their personal wealth to their charitable initiative, @ChanZuckerberg. "Setting audacious goals is important, and we need to think about beyond what's possible." https://t.co/j7TCHi1oLJ pic.twitter.com/q0vTSWKokP — CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) December 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Mark Zuckerberg & Wife Priscilla Chan are steering 99% of their Wealth toward a New Philanthropist initiative appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija In 2016, Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan pledged to donate $3 billion to "cure all disease." In a recent interview with The New Yorker, Zuckerberg said the reception he's received is one of two things, and neither is positive. But that hasn't deterred him. In 2016, Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla… September 13, 2018 In "News" In a letter posted to Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg said that technology is the solution to providing students with a more "personalized" education. In a letter posted to Facebook, Zuckerberg outlined his "lessons on philanthropy" in 2017. Zuckerberg asserted that technology is part of the solution to improving education in the… December 15, 2017 In "News" The city of East Palo Alto evicted residents from RVs near the future site of a school funded by Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan. City officials in East Palo Alto evicted about 50 residents, including some school-aged children, from parked vehicles on a residential block. The area is located near… November 16, 2017 In "News"