Y’all would recall we brought you news a couple of days ago about Timaya throwing shades at his industry colleagues for wearing fake designers and patronizing local tailors. Well, it seems that got Instagram celebrity and popular socialite, Hushpuppi, a little upset as he fired back at Egberi Papa on behalf of those he called out. Hushpuppi said Timaya is in no position to call out anyone as the “I can’t kill myself’ singer alongside Olamide and Phyno made a song to diss him for doing the same three years ago. The Billionaire Gucci Master took to his Instagram Story to fire the shot. The issue however didn’t stop there as Timaya also didn’t relent, responding to Huspuppi via Instagram. He said he doesn’t have anything to say to him because he is on exile. He said if Hushpuppi really wants to have a talk with him, he should leave Dubai where he is and come back to Nigeria. See post below:   Fake Outfit: “Shut up your mouth,” Hushpuppi throws Timaya under the bus for attacking his fellow celebrities, 3yrs after making a song to diss him. [Swipe] A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Dec 22, 2019 at 1:14am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js   “We don’t talk to people on exile,” Timaya fires back at Hushpuppi. [Swipe] A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Dec 22, 2019 at 4:13am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js   “God saved you for dropping the topic. Even Davido, Wizkid and Dbanj who dress well don’t make noise like you,” Hushpuppi replies Timaya. [Swipe] A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Dec 22, 2019 at 5:59am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Trouble!!! I Will Ask People To Beat You Up Mercilessly – Hushpuppi Threatens Timaya As The Singer Firesback || Watch appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Timaya keeps us blushing every time he puts up photos of his adorable daughters on social media. If you ever want to see the soft side of Timaya, check out his facial expression everytime he puts up photos of himself and his daughters like this one.On Monday, May 1, 2018,… May 2, 2018 In "News" By Sylvester Kwentua The Egberi Papa One of Bayelsa and one of Nigeria’s controversial musicians, Timaya may be on the verge of causing another controversy over a video he posted earlier on Friday slamming other celebrities, accusing them of wearing fake clothes In the video, Timaya stated that no one… December 22, 2019 In "News" Timaya has come hard for Nigerian Rapper, Eedris who called him an ingrate for forgetting his roots. The retired rapper had earlier spoken at an interview where he revealed that while Timaya was still a budding artiste and a back up singer with him, he tried hard to be like 2Face… September 29, 2017 In "News"