Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNi currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. AHNi was established as an affiliate of the Family Health International (FHI 360), a nonprofit human development organization serving more than 60 countries, all 50 U.S. states and all U.S. territories, to sustain FHI’s achievements. To strengthen this operations and interventions in the country, we are seeking qualified candidates for the position below: Job Title: Senior Technical Advisor – Prevention, Care & Treatment (PCT) Location: Abuja
Project: EPiC Background Job Description Minimum Recruitment Standards Application Closing Date
17th December, 2019. The post Senior Technical Advisor (PCT) at Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNI currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria.&nbsp;FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions.… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs" Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNI currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria. FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs" Achieving Health Nigeria Initiative (AHNi) is a non-profit organization that promotes socio-economic development by supporting global health and economic initiatives in Nigeria. AHNI currently has its headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria.&nbsp;FHI 360 is a nonprofit human development organization dedicated to improving lives in lasting ways by advancing integrated, locally driven solutions.… July 16, 2019 In "Jobs"