In a night where Manchester United halted Jose Mourinho’s brilliant start to life at Tottenham, we look at four things we learned from tonight’s football. Starting off with the match at Old Trafford, Mourinho’s former side came back to haunt him. Marcus Rashford gave Man United the lead early on, with a shot at the near post. Dele Alli then scored a brilliant goal to bring Spurs back level. However, Rashford completed his brace to hand Jose Mourinho a disappointing return to Old Trafford. Elsewhere, Chelsea got back to winning ways against Aston Villa. Having lost to West Ham the week before, Frank Lampard needed a response from his side and he got one. Goals from Tammy Abraham and Mason Mount completed a 2-1 win. Leicester City continued their incredible form with a 2-0 win over Watford, while Southampton beat Norwich 2-1 to lift them out of the bottom three. Finally, Wolves beat West Ham 2-0 after goals from Leander Dendoncker and Patrick Cutrone. Despite searching for years for the perfect number nine, it turned out he was in Chelsea’s ranks all along. Tammy Abraham has been simply brilliant since returning from his loan spell with Aston Villa. Due to their transfer ban, Frank Lampard put his trust in Abraham to perform at the top level and he’s repaid the faith and then some. His goal against Aston Villa tonight was Abraham’s 12th goal of the campaign in all competitions. But it’s not just his goals that are helping Chelsea. His hold-up and link-up play have also been impressive and he is really making Frank Lampard’s side tick. Who would have known that Chelsea’s perfect striker was in their ranks all along? WELCOME BACK @tammyabraham1!!!! It’s Chelsea 1-0 Aston Villa after 24 mins! #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea FC (@chelseafc) on Dec 4, 2019 at 12:01pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js While he may have been on the losing side, it was another big goal for Dele Alli. The Englishman was heavily criticised at times last season, and didn’t look the player he had in the seasons prior. For whatever reason, he looked to lose the fire we’d seen from him previously. Under Jose Mourinho however, that fire is back and it’s becoming a raging inferno. Dele had three goals and one assist in his last three games across all competitions before the Man United game. He then went and added another goal to his tally, but it wasn’t just any bog-standard goal. It was a stroke of genius from Dele, who flicked the ball over two Man United defenders before finishing expertly passed David De Gea. If he continues playing the way he has been in recent games, he could easily fire Spurs to a top-four finish. Dele, what have you just done?! A sublime first touch and finish to bring Spurs level!#PLonPrime #MUNTOT pic.twitter.com/PuMCsPXgXR — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 It’s turning into another incredible season for Jamie Vardy. The Leicester man broke many records during the Foxes’ Premier League winning season. Possibly his biggest achievement was becoming the first player to score in 11 consecutive games. Now, what is even more incredible is that Vardy is creeping up on his own record. Vardy’s goal against Watford was the seventh game in a row he’s scored in. While he still has a fair few games to go, there’s no doubt that the Englishman is showing he’s one of the most underrated players in the Premier League. Jamie Vardy scores goals He’s now netted in his last @PremierLeague matches! #PLonPrime #LEIWAT pic.twitter.com/mtq5ghzoxR — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 Early on in the season, there’s no doubt that Wolves struggled somewhat. A lot of people suggested it was their Europa League campaign affecting their domestic performances. However, despite a bumpy start, that doesn’t look to be the case anymore. After securing their place in the knockout stages of the Europa League, Wolves are now flying in the Premier League. They won their game against West Ham 2-0 and are 5th in the Premier League, well placed to secure their place in Europe for another year as we go into 2020. While a lot of people wrote Wolves off early in the season, there’s certainly no doubting Nuno Espírito Santo and his side now. Cutrone doubles West Ham’s trouble A great @Wolves counter-attack with a strike to match!#PLonPrime #WOLWHU pic.twitter.com/yXz1oLNy8d — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) December 4, 2019 Source: Great Goals Romelu Lukaku extended his hot streak as Manchester United powered to a 4-0 victory against Crystal Palace, while Harry Kane inspired Tottenham’s 4-0 demolition of Huddersfield on Saturday. Manchester United’s Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho celebrates after his team won the UEFA Europa League final football match Ajax Amsterdam v Manchester… September 30, 2017 In "News" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided his response to the heavy criticism levelled at his side by former boss Jose Mourinho. United fall flat The Red Devils travelled to the London Stadium a short time ago, to take on West Ham United. United headed into proceedings… September 22, 2019 In "Sports" Everton's English striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin (L) celebrates with teammates after scoring the opening goal of the English Premier League football match between Everton and Crystal Palace at Goodison Park in Liverpool, north west England on October 21, 2018. - Everton won the game 2-0. (Photo by Oli SCARFF / AFP)… October 26, 2018 In "News"