The Lagos State Government, under the Public-Private Partnership, PPP, has signed a Build, Operate and Transfer, BOT, agreement with six property developers to construct 8,272 units of hostel in the premises of Lagos State University, LASU, in the next 18 months to be ready in Year 2021. With the deal, LASU is set to become a residential tertiary institution, 36 years after it was established. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu officially approved the BOT agreement at a short ceremony, held at Lagos House, Marina, Lagos Island. The construction of six blocks of Hall of Residence under PPP policy will see the concessions run for 35 years. According to plans, when the developers deliver the projects in 2021, it is expected that 30 per cent of the school’s 26,000 student-population will be served, thereby reducing the pressure resulting from over subscription of privately owned off-campus residences. After signing the deal late Friday evening, Sanwo-Olu said the development further underscored his administration’s objective of driving up quality output across the State-owned schools through provision of infrastructure critical to facilitating better-quality teaching and learning. He said: “We have just approved an investment that will not only provide comfort to students but also make positive impact on the future of our youths. If we agree that the youth as tomorrow’s leaders, we should not pay lip service to things that will mentally prepare them for the future. It is only when we make investments like this in citadels of learning, such as Lagos State University and other higher institutions, that we can help the youth activate tomorrow they desire. “The partnership we just sealed with the six private investors is strategic because it is going to strengthen our capacity as a Government to scale up education quality and bring about improved academic performance of students. “It will also help LASU in terms of global rating and outlook. We are using this model as a test case, which governments from other parts of the country will come and emulate. I believe we can deliver on this project and set a precedent that will change the course of tertiary education for good.” Sanwo-Olu told the developers not to default on the agreement deadline nor deviate from the terms of the agreement, stressing that the state government would monitor the development of the Halls of Residence at every stage of their construction to ensure compliance with agreement. Vanguard News Nigeria The post LASU: Sanwo-Olu, investors, sign deal to deliver 8,272 units of hostel in 18 months appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard To strengthen capacity in pharmaceutical profession in Lagos State, Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in the coming election Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu has assured members of the pharmaceutical society of Nigeria (PSN) that he will ensure that Lagos State University (LASU) gets faculty of Pharmacy if elected as the… December 14, 2018 In "News" The Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has sent the names of 25 commissioners and special advisers to the House of Assembly for ratification. Among those on the list were the former Secretary to the State Government, Tunji Bello; former Commissioner for Special Duties, Wale Ahmed; former Commissioner for Wealth… July 15, 2019 Similar post By Olasunkanmi Akoni An academic non-profit organisation, under the umbrella of Sahara Education Development Initiative, SEDI, which comprise of staff of the institution has called for the immediate intervention of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State and the Lagos Assembly over perennial crisis in Lagos State University. The organisation, during a… October 4, 2019 In "News"