Spanish Villa Hotel – Welcome to the new trend in Spanish design, SV Chrome Hotel! Are you looking for European Design, European Standards or European Services in Abuja? We have it all! This meticulously finished Boutique Hotel was conceptualized by the Designers and  Architects from the Spanish ‘Impacto Grupo’ in Castellon (Spain) influenced by some of the great ground breaking designs from buildings in Barcelona and Valencia. The minimalist design – enhances the feeling of open space – high ceilings – and use of exclusive tiles and fabrics – to give a clean, contemporary look with peace and tranquility in mind; a place for the discerning traveler to re-energize the soul. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Cashier Location: Abuja Responsibilities Requirements Application Closing Date
31st December, 2019. The post Cashier (Female) at Spanish Villa CHROME Hotel appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Spanish Villa Hotel – Welcome to the new trend in Spanish design, SV Chrome Hotel! Are you looking for European Design, European Standards or European Services in Abuja? We have it all! This meticulously finished Boutique Hotel was conceptualized by the Designers and  Architects from the Spanish ‘Impacto Grupo’ in… October 25, 2019 In "Gists" Spanish Villa Hotel – Welcome to the new trend in Spanish design, SV Chrome Hotel! Are you looking for European Design, European Standards or European Services in Abuja? We have it all! This meticulously finished Boutique Hotel was conceptualized by the Designers and  Architects from the Spanish ‘Impacto Grupo’ in… October 25, 2019 In "Gists" Spanish Villa Hotel  – Welcome to the new trend in Spanish design, SV Chrome Hotel! Are you looking for European Design, European Standards or European Services in Abuja? We have it all! This meticulously finished Boutique Hotel was conceptualized by the Designers and  Architects from the Spanish ‘Impacto Grupo’ in… June 24, 2019 In "Jobs"