Chelsea have this afternoon unveiled a special new kit, to mark the 50th anniversary of the club’s first-ever triumph in the FA Cup The kit, which can be seen below, features a royal blue jersey and shorts, to go along with yellow socks. Significantly, the Blues’ sponsor, Yokohama Tyres, and manufacturer, Nike, are also darkened, in contrast to the standout white colours on the club’s home kit. This gives the jersey a sleek, old-fashioned look. Elsewhere, a gold lion badge features prominently, ‘replicated through a modern silicone execution’. This special kit is set to be released to commemorate the upcoming 50-year mark since Chelsea’s 1970 FA Cup final replay victory over Leeds United, a result which marked the club’s first-ever triumph in English football’s premiere cup competition. It will officially go on sale on the 2nd of January, at Chelsea’s Stamford Bridge Megastore. ICYMI – The Blues have a new @nikefootball shirt which celebrates 50 years since our first FA Cup triumph in 1970! 💙💛 Everything you need to know, including when you can see it in action… 👇 #ItsAChelseaThing #ThePrideOfLondon — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea are set to return to action tomorrow evening, in a crunch Premier League meeting with Tottenham. As things stand, Frank Lampard’s men occupy the final top-4 berth in the English top-flight. What was previously a comfortable advantage for the Pensioners over the chasing pack, though, has largely-evaporated over recent weeks. A dismal run of form on Chelsea’s part has seen them fall to defeat in 4 of their last 5 league outings. The latest of these came last weekend, when the Londoners were downed by a goal to nil at home to struggling Bournemouth. This, coupled with the upturn in form being enjoyed by Tottenham since Jose Mourinho’s appointment, has seen Spurs close the gap to their capital rivals to just 3 points. As such, another victory for the Lilywhites on Sunday would see them oust Chelsea from the top-4. Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals