Arsenal and Manchester City will go head-to-head on Sunday in what is a must-win tie for both sides. Man City are currently 3rd in the Premier League and 14 points adrift of table-topping Liverpool. Jurgen Klopp’s side will play host to bottom of the table Watford on Saturday. Meaning that when City kick-off at the Emirates, there is a good chance the Sky Blues will be 17 points off top spot. So, anything but a win over Arsenal would likely be detrimental to City’s slim title hopes. As for Arsenal, they have amassed just one league win in their last five PL outings and are seven points adrift of a Champions League place. Is it even a proper Manchester training session if it isn’t pouring with rain? ⠀ #ManCity A post shared by  Manchester City (@mancity) on Dec 13, 2019 at 5:37am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Ahead of the pivotal clash with Arsenal, Pep Guardiola held his pre-match press conference on Friday. During the presser, Guardiola gave updates on Sergio Aguero, David Silva and John Stones. Pep stated that Silva it currently not fit but they will see tomorrow: “David Silva is not fit. Tomorrow we’ll see. “Yesterday and today he could not train. It was a kick in some part of the leg that is painful. “It’s not a big issue.” Guardiola then stated he is unsure when Stones will be back and that Aguero still isn’t training with the team: “No [Stones is not fit]. “He has a muscular injury and don’t know when he will be back. “Aguero still doesn’t train with the team. The players who were injured are still injured, the players who play in Zagreb are okay. They train good today.” As quoted by Manchester City’s official website. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Crystal Palace vs Man City Saturday’s late Premier League clash sees Manchester City facing off with Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. City head into the tie eight points adrift of current league leaders, Liverpool. However, Liverpool do not play till Sunday vs Manchester United. So, Pep Guardiola’s side can, temporarily… October 19, 2019 In "Sports" Aguero vs Jesus Sergio Aguero has been in fine form so far this Premier League campaign. The Argentine had scored eight and assisted two heading into this past weekend’s Premier League action. Man City would take on Everton on Saturday after Liverpool extended their lead at the top of the… September 30, 2019 In "Sports" Dinamo Zagreb vs Man City Manchester City’s final Champions League group game of the season comes against Dinamo Zagreb on Wednesday. City have amassed 11 points from their previous five Champions League ties this campaign. And as a result of how the rest of Group C played out, the Citizens… December 10, 2019 In "Sports"