Bauchi state government has inaugurated a Joint Public Service Negotiation Council for the implementation of minimum wage in the state. The Secretary to the State Government (SDG), Mohammed Sabi’u Baba who inaugurated the committee on Monday said they are expected to submit their report on the 27th of December. Mohammed Sabi’u Baba enumerated some of the terms of reference to include recommending to the state government, modalities of ensuring effective implementation of the minimum wage. He noted that with their recommendations, the state government will ensure commencement of the full implementation of the new minimum wage in the state civil service. The SSG further called on members of the council to justify the confidence reposed in them by doing justice in the discharge of their assigned responsibilities. The Council whose chairman is the Bauchi State Head of Service, Ahmed Ma’aji, has 41 members comprising government and labour officials. VANGUARD The post Bauchi govt constitutes committee on minimum wage appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard Abuja – A head of the new national minimum wage implementation, workers in the public sector are spoiling for strike over disparity in salary scales. Already, leadership of the Joint National Public Service Negotiating Council has put its members on standby to commence the strike soon. Daily Independent learnt on Tuesday that… July 17, 2019 In "News" “You can see me smiling on behalf of Nigerian workers; President Muhammadu Buhari has assented to the Minimum Wage Repeal and Enactment Act, 2019. “This makes it compulsory for all employers of labour in Nigeria to pay to their workers the sum of N30,000 as the minimum wage. “It also… July 28, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Bauchi: Gov Muhammed sacks political appointees, dissolves LGs management committee Bauchi State Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has approved the immediate disengagement of all political office holders including the dissolution of all Local Government Councils Management Committee members in the State. The order for the disengagement and dissolution was… June 1, 2019 In "News"