The representative of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has this evening revealed the extent of the hefty price-tag that would be required to coax his client away from the club. Italian international Jorginho made the move to Stamford Bridge from Napoli in the summer of 2018, following Maurizio Sarri from the Stadio San Paolo to London. However, the 28-year-old, much like his now-former boss, subsequently endured something of an up-and-down debut campaign with Chelsea. A change of system for the Blues saw Jorginho moved into N’Golo Kante’s position at the base of the the club’s midfield, albeit in a deep-lying regista role, as opposed to Kante’s previous defensive-minded role. And while the former Napoli standout went on to showcase that he is very much capable of controlling the tempo of proceedings when Chelsea are in possession, his defensive shortcomings were all-too regularly highlighted by the all-action stylings of the Premier League. The early months of the new season, though, have seen Jorginho look much-improved. Having seemingly settled further into the physical requirements of English football, the gifted Italian looks better equipped to run Chelsea’s midfield, with Jorginho himself citing ‘more determination’ on the defensive side of the ball as key to his upturn in form. The Verona youth product has, as a result, established himself as an integral member of Frank Lampard’s squad, notching starts in all but 3 of his side’s Premier League outings to this point in the campaign. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Jorginho of Chelsea celebrates after scoring a goal to make it 3-4 during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and AFC Ajax at Stamford Bridge on November 5, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) Speaking earlier today, however, Jorginho’s agent, Joao Santos, was drawn on the prospect of a return to former club Napoli, during an interview with Neapolitan radio station Radio Kiss Kiss. Santos was quick to shut down the possibility, though, assuring that Chelsea’s steep valuation of their midfield lynchpin would rule the Partenopei out of any potential race for his client’s signature: ‘At the moment Jorginho is worth €80m. Napoli could not afford to buy a player for €80m. It’s not that he wants to go, but for Napoli it’s impossible to spend that amount of money.’ Quotes via Football-Italia Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Bournemouth vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea youngster Mason Mount has today moved to heap praise on teammate Jorginho, revealing that the deep-lying midfielder has played a huge part in his progression into the Londoners’ first-team picture this season. Jorginho’s Blues stint Italian international Jorginho made the move to Stamford Bridge from Napoli last summer, following… October 7, 2019 In "Sports" The agent of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho has this evening hinted at a potential return to Serie A for his client. Jorginho’s Blues stint Italian international Jorginho made the move to Stamford Bridge from Napoli last summer, following Maurizio Sarri from the Stadio San Paolo to London. However, the 27-year-old, much… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" The agent of Chelsea star Jorginho has today provided an update on his client’s future, as well as speculation linking the midfielder with a move to Juventus. Jorginho’s Blues stint Italian international Jorginho made the move to Stamford Bridge from Napoli last summer, following Maurizio Sarri from the Stadio San… September 9, 2019 In "Sports"