A number of reports across the European media this evening suggest that Mikel Arteta’s appointment as Arsenal’s new manager is now a matter of when, rather than if. The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City to the Emirates yesterday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed into proceedings hoping to build on their previous league result, which saw the north Londoners bring to an end a run of 9 games without a win across all competitions. A trip to capital rivals West Ham eventually saw the visitors notch a 3-1 victory, courtesy of a blitzing 10-minute stretch in the second-half. When all was said and done 24 hours ago, though, Arsenal were brought firmly back down to earth. A Kevin De Bruyne-inspired City made short work of their hosts, en route to a comfortable 3-0 win. As such, on the back of another sub-par display, questions have since inevitably once again been asked of interim Gunners boss Freddie Ljungberg. Club legend Ljungberg was thrown in at the deep end at the Emirates following Unai Emery’s sacking late last month, but has unsurprisingly failed to turn the fortunes of his former side around. To this point, the Swede has overseen 2 draws, 2 losses and just a solitary victory. Freddie Ljungberg during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Manchester City at Emirates Stadium. (Photo by David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images) As a result, reports over the last 24 hours have mounted that those in charge at the Emirates are ready to pull the trigger on the appointment of a new permanent boss. And, it the latest updates tonight are to be believed, then a decision on the man set to be tasked with leading Arsenal forward into a new era has been made. The individual in question? Mikel Arteta. Manchester City no.2 Arteta was tipped to take the reins at his former club in the summer of 2018, before Unai Emery’s arrival. And now, 18 months on, the Spaniard looks all set to finally be handed his chance to impress on the Gunners’ bench, with the likes of the Telegraph, Mundo Deportivo and more having all assured that Arteta’s appointment is imminent. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Crystal Palace vs Brighton live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Napoli reportedly table offer for Arsenal’s Lucas Torreira Source: Great Goals Interim Arsenal boss Freddie Ljungberg has this evening discussed both his future with the club, and his decision to substitute Mesut Ozil versus Manchester City. City cruise The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s Citizens to the Emirates a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings hoping… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Man City hammer Arsenal Sunday’s late Premier League kick-off saw Manchester City travel to Arsenal. Both sides will have been in desperate need of a win for different reasons. City started the day 17 points adrift of league leaders Liverpool and anything less than a win at the Emirates would… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno has this evening discussed what he feels the club’s main problems are, on the back of their defeat to Manchester City. De Bruyne downs Arsenal The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s men to the Emirates earlier today, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings on… December 15, 2019 In "Sports"