Chelsea manager Frank Lampard this afternoon provided fitness updates on a number of the club’s stars, ahead of their crunch meeting with Tottenham this weekend. The Blues are set to visit capital rivals Spurs on Sunday evening, for a crucial Premier League clash. As things stand, Chelsea occupy the final top-4 berth in the English top-flight. What was previously a comfortable advantage for the Pensioners over the chasing pack, though, has largely-evaporated over recent weeks. A dismal run of form on the part of Lampard’s men has seen them fall to defeat in 4 of their last 5 league outings. The latest of these came last weekend, when Chelsea were downed by a goal to nil at home to struggling Bournemouth. This, coupled with the upturn in form being enjoyed by Tottenham since Jose Mourinho’s appointment, has seen Spurs close the gap to their capital rivals to just 3 points. As such, another victory for the Lilywhites on Sunday would see them oust Chelsea from the top-4. As a result, Lampard’s Blues are no doubt desperate to get back to winning ways this weekend, to put some daylight between themselves and the likes of Spurs and Manchester United. And their hopes of doing so have today been aided by a positive update on the personnel front. Speaking this afternoon in anticipation of his side’s trip to the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, Chelsea boss Lampard confirmed that, aside from long-term injury absentee Ruben Loftus-Cheek, he has a fully fit squad to choose from, with the likes of Fikayo Tomori and Ross Barkley back in contention to feature: ‘Ruben’s making good progress which is really positive, but he’s nowhere near contention for matchplay yet.’ ‘Other than that, we’re all pretty good. Ross, Tomori and Giroud are fine. We’ve got a fit squad. Nice selection problems I suppose.’ Frank Lampard reports Ruben Loftus-Cheek is making good progress but is not close to being ready for selection yet. All the other players are fit and available for Sunday.#TOTCHE — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) December 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Bournemouth vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals