Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening surprisingly claimed that his side suffered an ’emotional’ blow upon Jack Grealish finding the net during the Red Devils’ meeting with Aston Villa. Solskjaer’s men welcomed Villa to Old Trafford a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. United headed into proceedings amid a mini-slump over the last week, having first been thoroughly outplayed en route to a 3-3 draw at Sheffield United, before falling to a 2-1 defeat at Astana in the Europa League on Thursday night. As such, the hosts were no doubt keen to get things back on track with a victory earlier today. When all was said and done, however, the Manchester powerhouse’s winless streak stretched to 3 games. An entertaining 90 minutes saw Villa earn a share of the spoils, in a 2-2 draw. After a Tom Heaton own goal and Victor Lindelof’s finish either side of half-time saw United overturn an early deficit, it looked as though the Red Devils were set to push on towards all 3 points. Aston Villa, though, stood tall in the face of adversity, soon pulling level through Tyrone Mings. And this was all she wrote in terms of the goalscoring at Old Trafford, as the hosts’ recent struggles continued. On the back of his side’s latest disappointing result, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was drawn on United’s performance versus Villa during a post-match interview with beIN Sports. The Norwegian tactician revealed his opinion that his side were actually ‘lucky’ not to head into the break a goal down. Somewhat surprisingly, meanwhile, Solskjaer also suggested that the Manchester giants were ‘knocked emotionally’ by Jack Grealish’s stunning opener, seemingly hinting at mental fragility within the United ranks: ‘It [Grealish’s goal] knocked us a bit emotionally. I think we didn’t settle in the game and we were lucky to go in at half-time one each.’ Solskjaer claims #MUFC were “knocked emotionally” by Jack Grealish’s stunner!#beINPL #MUNAVL pic.twitter.com/S9QtnJ6vzZ — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_EN) December 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Freddie Ljungberg on decision to leave Nicolas Pepe on bench in Arsenal’s draw at Norwich Frank Lampard pushing Chelsea to lock Willian down before January window – Standard Source: Great Goals