Manchester City traveled to Burnley on Tuesday evening in what was a must-win tie for the Sky Blues. The Citizens began the day 11 points adrift of league leaders Liverpool after City dropped points vs Newcastle this past weekend. With City 11 points off Liverpool and three points off Leicester, a win vs Burnley was of paramount importance to the Citizens. As for Burnley, they began Tuesday sat 10th in the English top-flight but a win over Pep Guardiola’s men could have seen the Clarets moved as high as 5th. Manchester City’s starting line-up was pretty standard with Gabriel Jesus once again deployed up top while Sergio Aguero is out injured. Rodri would also come back into the starting eleven for Ilkay Gundogan who was suspended. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley also deployed a fairly familiar starting line-up vs Man City with Ashley Barnes dropping to the bench perhaps their biggest change. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js City started the evening the brighter of the two sides with Gabriel Jesus putting the ball into the back of the Burnley net with six minutes gone after a cheeky corner routine. However, the Brazilian was offside when he backheeled in Angelino’s effort. Kevin De Bruyne was probably City’s brightest spark in the opening 20 minutes but other than Jesus’ offside goal, Pep Guardiola’s men didn’t create too much of note in the early exchanges, despite having the majority of the ball. However, City would eventually be rewarded for their early dominance in possession as Jesus curled in a scintillating strike with 24 minutes on the clock. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Raheem Sterling had a great chance to double City’s advantage eight minutes later but Nick Pope made a solid save. Pope would deny City for a second time 42 minutes in pulling off a sensational save to prevent Bernardo Silva from opening his account for the night. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
As for Burnley, somewhat unsurprisingly, they failed to muster up a single shot on target in the opening 45 with Guardiola likely the much happier manager at the interval. City would start the second half the same way they finished the first, very much on the front foot. Jesus would once again step up in the absence of Aguero as the Brazilian slotted home from a Bernardo Silva cross to double’s the Citizen’s lead five minutes after the break. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Jesus had a great chance to bag his hat-trick just minutes after his second as the tricky forward turned James Tarkowski before placing his effort just wide. After bagging his brace it was revealed that the young City attacker had now scored eight goals in his last nine starts away from home in the Premier League. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sean Dyche’s response to going two goals down would be to bring on Jay Rodriguez and Ashley Barnes in place of Chris Wood and Danny Drinkwater. But despite the double change from Dyche, it would once again be City who bagged the next goal. Rodri put the result beyond doubt 67 minutes in with the Spaniard firing in a thunderbolt of a strike from the edge of the Burnley box. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Substitute Riyad Mahrez then got himself in on the action with four minutes of regular time left to play. The Manchester powerhouse were unable to keep that clean sheet though as Robbie Brady bagged a consolation goal for the Clarets 89 minutes in. City are now eight points adrift of Liverpool who are in action vs Everton on Wednesday evening. See also: Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Burnley vs Man City Manchester City travel to Burnley on Tuesday in what is a must-win tie for the Sky Blues. City were held to a 2-2 draw by Newcastle United this past Saturday. And after Liverpool beat Brighton later that day, the Merseyside powerhouse opened up an 11-point gap… December 2, 2019 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Manchester City continued their good run in the Premier League with a 2-0 win against Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.Super Eagles duo Wilfred Ndidi and Kelechi Iheanacho were in action for Leicester with the latter replacing Marc Albrighton in the 67th minute. Ahmed Musa… November 18, 2017 In "Sports" Man City vs Aston Villa Manchester City played host to newly-promoted Aston Villa in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Citizens came into the tie on the back of an emphatic 5-1 victory over Atalanta in the Champions League. Man City would start the weekend six points off table-topping Liverpool… October 26, 2019 In "Sports"