The midweek Premier League action draws to a close on Thursday evening with two ties. Sheffield United host Newcastle while Brighton travel to Arsenal. Sheff United are currently sat 9th in the English top-flight and enjoying an emphatic start to life in the Premier League under Chris Wilder. The Blades are unbeaten in their last five outings, although four of those fixtures have ended as draws. Newcastle, on the other hand, as of writing, are currently 14th in the Premier League. The Magpies are also in pretty decent form, they have only lost one of their last five. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 28: Chris Wilder the head coach / manager of Sheffield United during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Liverpool FC at Bramall Lane on September 28, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) Ahead of the clash with Sheffield United, Steve Bruce held his pre-match press conference on Wednesday. One of the topics discussed by Bruce in the presser was Florian Lejeune. Lejeune has yet to feature for Newcastle this term and while the defender does seem to be recovering ok, Bruce didn’t make it sound as though Lejeune would be featuring vs the Blades: SB on Lejeune: “I had a chat a week ago with him. The longer he trains, the better mentally & physically he becomes. To have the injury like he had then come back for six weeks & have it again – he’s had a tough time. When the time is right let’s hope we can introduce him.” pic.twitter.com/1L9nFRtnii — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) December 4, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Arsenal vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Everton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Sheffield United vs Liverpool Sheffield United are set to take on Liverpool in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Blades have had an ok start the Premier League season and currently sit 10th in the table. However, they must play host to a Liverpool side in superb form. Jurgen Klopp’s… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Southampton Southampton have had a fairly average start to the 2019/20 season. The Saints head into the weekend’s action in 13th place with four points. Southampton’s last game saw them draw 1-1 with Manchester United, despite having 10 men for some of the second half. Ralph Hasenhuttl… September 12, 2019 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Burnley Burnley face a trip to Sheffield United this coming Saturday. The Clarets head into the match experiencing a bit of a dip in form after losing their last two league ties vs Leicester and Chelsea. They will likely face another tough test this weekend vs a… October 31, 2019 In "Sports"