Watford are set to travel to Manchester United on Sunday afternoon. United head into the tie in pretty solid form. The Manchester powerhouse progressed to the semi-finals of the League Cup earlier this week and their league form has also been impressive of late. Man United are unbeaten in their last five Premier League outings and have recently picked up wins against Manchester City and Tottenham. As for their upcoming opponents Watford, they are sat dead bottom of the PL and staring relegation in the face. However, Sunday’s tie will likely not be as easy as some of the United faithful may be anticipating. The Hornets put on a solid show last weekend vs Liverpool, in what was Nigel Pearson’s first game in the Watford dugout. Watford would defend well for large periods vs Liverpool and carved out a fair few chances. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – APRIL 21: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester United at Goodison Park on April 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Ahead of the Watford clash, Man United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer held his pre-match press conference on Friday. During the presser, Solskjaer spoke about the January window. With the winter window round the corner, United have already been heavily linked with RB Salzburg star Erling Haaland. And when asked on Friday if he was hopeful of signing someone in January, Solskjaer responded: “Yeah. As a manager, you always hope that you can do something. But, then again, it’s not something that’s nailed on. It has to be the right player, right age, going to fit into this squad & right value” Asked if he was hopeful of signing someone in January, Solskjaer said: “Yeah. As a manager, you always hope that you can do something. But, then again, it’s not something that’s nailed on. It has to be the right player, right age, going to fit into this squad & right value” #MUFC — Simon Peach (@SimonPeach) December 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Manchester City vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Bournemouth vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Bournemouth vs Man United Manchester United will travel to Bournemouth to begin match week 11 of the 2019/20 Premier League season. United head into the tie in fairly decent form across all competitions. The Red Devil’s last outing saw them see off Chelsea in the League Cup earlier this week.… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United and Liverpool will go head-to-head this coming Sunday. The two sides head into the tie in very different form. Liverpool are currently sat top of the Premier League with a very commanding eight-point gap opened up between themselves and 2nd place Manchester City. Man… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Wenger quotes reportedly fake On Wednesday evening and Thursday morning, several outlets such as the Sun and Mirror published articles about Arsene Wenger and some alleged quotes. The articles by the Sun and the Mirror have both been taken down since and when you try to access them you are… September 26, 2019 In "Sports"