Norwich City manager Daniel Farke has this evening revealed his opinion that Arsenal’s 2nd equaliser versus his side shouldn’t have stood. The Canaries welcome Arsenal to Carrow Road earlier today, for a Premier League clash. Norwich headed into proceedings on the back of a morale-boosting result last time out, which saw Farke’s men move off the bottom of the table courtesy of a 2-0 win at Everton. Their opponents this afternoon, on the other hand, were winless in 7 across all competitions, and taking to the pitch for the first time since the sacking of Unai Emery earlier this week. And, when all was said and done, Arsenal’s run without a victory stretched to 8 outings, as the shares were spoiled at Carrow Road. Norwich twice took the lead in the clash, courtesy of Teemu Pukki and Todd Cantwell. On both occasions, though, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang levelled things up, to secure a hard-fought point for Arsenal. Arsenal’s 2nd of the evening, with 57 minutes on the clock, came following a corner to the back post. After Norwich failed to clear the danger, the ball fell to Aubameyang, who went on to lash home beyond Tim Krul in typically-clinical fashion. Canaries boss Daniel Farke, though, has since revealed his opinion that the goal actually should’ve been ruled out. Seconds before Aubameyang found the net, another ball made its way onto the pitch, bouncing across the opposite side of the hosts’ box. And, as a result, Farke feels as though the corner should have been retaken: Norwich boss Daniel Farke arrives before Freddie Ljungberg. He’s not happy with VAR and Arsenal’s second goal, which he thinks shouldn’t have stood as a second ball was on the pitch #NORARS pic.twitter.com/hj1oLeoSPG — Dan Mountney (@JournoDanM) December 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js It should be noted that a 2nd ball landing on the pitch actually only came as a result of Norwich’s fans returning it to play as Arsenal’s corner was taken. Manchester United vs Aston Villa live streaming: Watch the Premier League online & confirmed line-ups The 10 managers most likely to become Arsenal boss, according to bets placed Source: Great Goals