Reliable Arsenal reporter David Ornstein has provided an update on the club’s managerial hunt, with Mikel Arteta said to be the frontrunner for the post as things stand. On the back of a dismal start to the campaign, the news that Gunners fans across the globe were waiting for finally arrived 10 days ago. Following a 2-1 Europa League defeat at home to Eintracht Frankfurt, Unai Emery was relieved of his duties at the Emirates. Club statement: Unai Emery — Arsenal (@Arsenal) November 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Freddie Ljungberg was subsequently handed the role of interim Gunners boss, but a draw and defeat in respective outings versus Norwich and Brighton over the last week have seen many call into question whether the Swede is yet ready for the hotseat at a top club. As such, a host of alternative tacticians continue to be touted as potential installments on the Arsenal bench. The likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Max Allegri and Patrick Vieira have all been linked of late. And, as outlined above, the always reliable David Ornstein has today provided an update on the Gunners’ managerial hunt. Writing in the Athletic, ‘the Ornacle’ named 5 managers as being in the frame for the post. They are Mikel Arteta, Mauricio Pochettino, Patrick Vieira, Carlo Ancelotti and, somewhat surprisingly, Roberto Martinez. It is former Arsenal star Arteta, though, who is labelled as the favourite to take up the reins at the Emirates. This falls in line with similar claims on the part of the Telegraph’s Matt Law over the weekend: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Ornstein adds that once the Arsenal board have whittled down their list of candidates to 2 or 3 names, they will consult with club owners the Kroenkes, before coming to a final decision. Laurent Koscielny opens up on Arsenal departure: ‘I was not happy’ West Ham vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch Online & Confirmed Line-Ups Source: Great Goals Former Juventus and AC Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri has spoken out over his future, amid rumours that he is among the managerial targets being considered by Premier League giants Arsenal. Emery sacked On the back of a dismal start to the campaign, the news that Gunners fans across the globe… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" As confirmed by the reliable David Ornstein of BBC Sport this afternoon, Arsenal manager Unai Emery has named Granit Xhaka as the club’s new captain. Koscielny departs As was widely-covered in the media during the summer, Arsenal’s previous captain, Laurent Koscielny, dropped a bombshell on the club back in July,… September 27, 2019 In "Sports" Patrick Vieira has briefly opened up on the possibility of taking up the managerial reins at former club Arsenal. Emery sacked On the back of a dismal start to the campaign, the news that Gunners fans across the globe were waiting for finally arrived last week. Following a 2-1 Europa… December 8, 2019 In "Sports"