Giovani Lo Celso had a superb 2018/19 campaign in Spain with Real Betis. The midfielder would score 16 and provide six assists in 46 outings last term for the La Liga outfit. But despite showing promise in Spain, the Argentine has not had the best start to life in North London. Granted, Lo Celso has had to deal with some injury troubles during his short stint with Tottenham. But even when he has not been sidelined with injuries, the midfielder hasn’t earned too much game time for Spurs. Lo Celso has made just eight Premier League appearances this campaign and only one of those ties came as a starter. Feliz por el primer gol con esta camiseta . Y muy feliz por la victoria del equipo Happy to score my first goal on this shirt and to get the win A post shared by  Giovani Lo Celso (@locelsogiovani) on Nov 6, 2019 at 2:34pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The former PSG man has also struggled for minutes under Jose Mourinho. In Mourinho’s five Premier League games in charge of the Lilywhites, Lo Celso has made two sub appearances, earning a dismal seven minutes of game time between those two ties. However, despite the 23-year-old’s slow start to life in England, the Evening Standard have reported that Real Betis expect Spurs to complete the permanent signing of Lo Celso in January. Lo Celso is currently on loan at Tottenham but Spurs have the option to buy him for €32m in January or an obligation to buy Lo Celso for €40m in the summer, should Spurs clinch Champions League qualification, as per the ES. Real Betis president Angel Haro has recently spoken about the sale of Lo Celso, stating Tottenham will exercise the January clause because if not, they will be charged more in the summer window: “[Tottenham] will exercise it because if they don’t they will be [charged more] in June. “They may also have to exercise the mandatory [clause]. “We understand that they will exercise it, but if not [we will be] delighted with the player [returning].” As quoted by the Evening Standard. See also: Monterrey vs Liverpool betting tips: Club World Cup semi-final match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Colchester betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Oxford United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Everton vs Leicester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Premier League giants Spurs have this afternoon confirmed the extent of the injury picked up by summer signing Giovani Lo Celso. Spurs switch On the back of a lengthy saga, Argentine midfielder Lo Celso made the move to north London last month. The 23-year-old joined Tottenham from La Liga outfit… September 10, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham Hotspur are reportedly set to break their transfer record for the second time this summer with the £70 million capture of Real Betis midfielder Giovani Lo Celso. The Argentina international has been heavily linked with a move to north London and is eager to link up with Mauricio Pochettino.… July 18, 2019 In "News" Tottenham reach an agreement with Real Betis to sign midfielder Giovani lo Celso as talks over Fulham left-back Ryan Sessegnon continue. Source: BBC Sport August 7, 2019 In "Sports"