The 2019 Ballon d’Or ceremony will take place on Monday, December 2nd. The award ceremony will take place in Paris and is arguably the most coveted accolade a professional footballer can win. Real Madrid’s Luka Modric won the award in 2018, marking the end of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo’s dominance. However, Modric will certainly not be collecting the award for a second successive year as the midfielder didn’t even make it into the final 30-man shortlist this time around. The 30-man shortlist contains the following players: Virgil van Dijk (Liverpool) Bernardo Silva (Manchester City) Son Heung-min (Tottenham) Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) Alisson (Liverpool) Matthijs de Ligt (Juventus) Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) Sergio Aguero (Manchester City) Frenkie de Jong (Barcelona) Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) Dusan Tadic (Ajax) Cristiano Ronaldo (Juventus) Kylian Mbappe (Paris St-Germain) Trent Alexander-Arnold (Liverpool) Donny van de Beek (Ajax) Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (Arsenal) Marc-Andre ter Stegen (Barcelona) Sadio Mane (Liverpool) Lionel Messi (Barcelona) Riyad Mahrez (Manchester City) Kevin de Bruyne (Manchester City) Kalidou Koulibaly (Napoli) Antoine Griezmann (Barcelona) Mohammed Salah (Liverpool) Eden Hazard (Real Madrid) Marquinhos (Paris St-Germain) Raheem Sterling (Manchester City) Joao Felix (Atletico Madrid) PRAGUE, CZECH REPUBLIC – OCTOBER 23: Lionel Messi of Barcelona reacts during the UEFA Champions League group F match between Slavia Praha and FC Barcelona at Sinobo Stadium on October 23, 2019 in Prague, Czech Republic. (Photo by Thomas Eisenhuth/Getty Images) Liverpool players feature pretty heavily in the 30-man shortlist, which isn’t that surprising given they won the 2019 Champions League. And one man who could certainly rival the likes of Messi and Ronaldo for the award this year is Virgil van Dijk. The Dutchman played a pivotal role in Liverpool’s CL success whilst also helping the Merseyside powerhouse garner a staggering 97 points in the Premier League last term. However, an alleged leaked Ballon d’Or list does not have the towering defender clinching the award. The Mirror published an article recently which included a tweet allegedly showcasing the winner of this year’s Ballon d’Or. The image in question showcases the supposed top 10 from this year’s results with Barcelona’s Lionel Messi topping the list with 446 points. Van Dijk is in second spot with 382 points while Ronaldo is down in 4th spot. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: The 10 managers most likely to become Arsenal boss, according to bets placed Why VAR’s decision to award Arsenal 2nd chance at penalty vs Norwich was the correct one Source: Great Goals The 30 nominees for this year’s prestigious Ballon d’Or award have been announced this evening, with European champions Liverpool having been rewarded for their superb year with a hefty 7 names on the shortlist. Ballon d’Or 2019 The latest edition of world football’s most prized individual accolade is set to… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" France Football have this afternoon published an article, in which they provide an in-depth explanation for PSG star Neymar being omitted from the shortlist for this year’s Ballon d’Or. Ballon d’Or nominees The latest edition of world football’s most prized individual accolade is set to be handed out in two… October 22, 2019 In "Sports" By James Agberebi: Current holder Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid, Argentina and Barcelona’s Lionel Messi and Paris Saint-Germain and Brazil’s Neymar are among a 30-man shortlist for the 2017 Ballon d’Or. The Ballon d’Or is an annual football award presented by France Football magazine. It has been awarded since 1956… October 9, 2017 In "Sports"