Osun State Deputy Governor, Gboyega Alabi has urged members of the public not to transact business with a lady claiming to be his wife. According to a public disclaimer signed by Mr Alabi, the woman in question has been going around presenting herself as his wife and transacting business on credit. He, therefore, urged the general public that he has not changed his wife, as his marital status remained unchanged. The disclaimer notice reads, “It has come to my knowledge that an unscrupulous individual (lady) has been parading herself as my wife to innocent/unsuspecting members of the public and pledging my credit to collect valuables from innocent members of the public. The general public is hereby warned that my marital status remained unchanged in line with my official records and no lady or woman has my consent or is authorised to pledge my credit or collect any goods on my behalf. Nobody in my household buy things on credit. I will not accept any liability for such transactions. Please be guided accordingly”. Vanguard News Nigeria. The post Osun deputy governor warns public against fraudster posing as wife appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard The Governor of Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola, has described corps members as harbingers of National unity and sustainable peace, adding that the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) scheme remains a unifying factor in Nigeria’s nation-state. The Governor, who was represented by his deputy, Mr Gboyega Alabi made this known on… June 20, 2019 In "Gists" Osogbo – Labour leaders in Osun State have appealed to Governor Adegboyega Oyetola to revive car and housing loans as motivation for public workers in the state. The leaders of the State Chapter of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Trade Union Congress (TUC) and the Joint Negotiation Councils, as well as their… August 4, 2019 In "News" Following his victory at the September 22 governorship election,Â Isiaka Adegboyega Oyetola has been sworn in as the new governor of Osun, succeeding Rauf Aregbesola, who rounded up his eighth-year tenure. He took his oath as the 5th executive governor of the state, shortly after his deputy, Benedict Alabi, took his… November 27, 2018 In "News"