Juan Foyth has been on Tottenham’s books since August of 2017 after moving from his homeland of Argentina. Spurs are believed to have paid close to £12m for the defender’s services. Since making the switch to North London, Foyth has made 30 appearances across all competitions for Tottenham’s senior side. 21-year-old Foyth is naturally a central defender but he is also capable of playing at right-back, something he has done for Spurs on several occasions. Foyth is currently contracted to the Lilywhites until July of 2022. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 23: Tottenham Hotspur manager Jose Mourinho looks on ahead of the Premier League match between West Ham United and Tottenham Hotspur at London Stadium on November 23, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Craig Mercer/MB Media/Getty Images) A fair chunk of Foyth’s 30 appearances for Tottenham came last season under Mauricio Pochettino. The young defender featured 17 times across all competitions last term for Spurs. Foyth also enjoyed a smattering of appearances earlier this season when Pochettino was still at the helm. However, since Jose Mourinho has taken the reins at Tottenham, Foyth’s game time has been even more limited. Granted, the defender did play 90 minutes in the Champions League on Wednesday but that was a throwaway tie, with the result meaning nothing to Spurs in terms of where they finished in their group. That was also Foyth’s only appearance for Spurs in the six games Mourinho has been in charge of. Now, on Thursday the 12th of December, The Athletic are reporting that Foyth would prefer a January move, should he continue to struggle for game time. Juan Foyth could be on his way out of #thfc in January. Wants regular game time and at the moment isn’t getting it. After impressing last night though he may get another chance to prove himself before the end of the month. https://t.co/WktSsAIdDk — Charlie Eccleshare (@CDEccleshare) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals West Ham vs Tottenham Saturday’s early Premier League clash saw Tottenham travel to West Ham United. The tie was Jose Mourinho’s first game in charge of Spurs after he replaced Mauricio Pochettino earlier this week. After their dismal start to the campaign, Mourinho has a mammoth task on his hands… November 23, 2019 In "Sports" Spurs sack Pochettino Tottenham have had a torrid start to the 2019/20 campaign. The North London outfit are down to 14th in the Premier League as we head into the weekend’s action after some rather embarrassing defeats to the likes of Brighton and Newcastle. Spurs have also been knocked out… November 20, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham vs Red Star Belgrade Tottenham would play host to Red Star Belgrade on Tuesday evening as they looked to put an end to their dismal run of form. Mauricio Pochettino took his side all the way to the 2018/19 Champions League final. But with the start to the season… October 22, 2019 In "Sports"