Kelechi Iheanacho scored his third Premier League goal of the season for Leicester City in their 2-1 victory against West Ham United on Saturday. The Nigeria international was handed his third start and fourth league appearance at London Stadium and made a key impact for the Foxes. The 23-year-old striker put ‎Brendan Rodgers’ men in front in the 40th minute after he headed home Ayoze Perez’ cross. The former Manchester City striker has now been directly involved in five goals in his last four Premier League appearances for Leicester, as many as his previous 31 for the club. The former Manchester City striker has now been directly involved in five goals in his last four Premier League appearances for Leicester, as many as his previous 31 for the club. The former Manchester City striker has now been directly involved in five goals in his last four Premier League appearances for Leicester, as many as his previous 31 for the club. The former Manchester City striker has now been directly involved in five goals in his last four Premier League appearances for Leicester, as many as his previous 31 for the club. Pablo Fornals levelled for West Ham before Demarai Gray restored the lead to the King Power Stadium outfit to ensure they return to winning ways. Iheanacho featured for the entirety of the match while his compatriot Wilfred Ndidi played for 20 minutes after coming in for Nampalys Mendy. The Super Eagles forward will hope to maintain this form when Leicester take on Newcastle United on New Year’s Day. Source: Goal.com Vanguard News The post Iheanacho continues imperious form for Leicester City appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard By Johnny Edward: Kelechi Iheanacho is in line to make his second Carabao Cup appearance for Leicester City against his former club, Manchester City at the King Power Stadium on today (Tuesday), Completesportsnigeria.com reports. Iheanacho who joined Leicester City during the summer transfer window for £25m has missed the Foxes’… December 19, 2017 In "Sports" Former English Premier League champions, Leicester City have had an offer of £25 million accepted by Manchester City for striker Kelechi Iheanacho according to Sky Sports. The 20-year-old Super Eagles attacker has fallen down the pecking order under the Manchester City manager, Pep Guardiola, paving the way for the Foxes… July 10, 2017 In "News" By Dare Esan: This may look incredible but it is the gospel truth. Super Eagles striker, Kelechi Iheanacho, is yet to score in the English Premier League in the year 2017 and tonight’s game at the King Power stadium where his club Leicester City host West Brom offers him that… October 16, 2017 In "Sports"