Leicester are set to play host to Norwich City on Saturday afternoon. The Foxes go into the clash with Norwich in a fine vein of form. Brendan Rodgers has managed to guide Leicester to victories in their last nine matches across all competitions. Leicester last failed to win a tie back in early October when they were handed a 2-1 defeat by Liverpool at Anfield. It is Liverpool who are currently top of the Premier League with Leicester currently their closest challengers. The Foxes are eight points adrift of Jurgen Klopp’s side and given the form Liverpool have been in of late, Leicester cannot afford to drop any points vs Norwich if they wish to mount a proper title challenge. Leicester losing or drawing on Saturday does seem rather unlikely though. Relegation-battling Norwich are currently 19th in the PL with just 11 points amassed from their 16 league ties this term. Ahead of the Norwich tie, Brendan Rodgers gave a fitness update on his squad, in which he stated everyone is fine: “We had a few boys inside but they’re all fit and fine for Saturday. Everyone’s fine.” As quoted by Leicester’s official website. How the squad looks ahead of #LeiNor https://t.co/QbZ24CIbYg — Leicester City (@LCFC) December 12, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Rodgers has also recently spoken about the January transfer window. With Leicester flying high in the league, it shouldn’t be too much of surprise to see some of their stars being linked with moves. Chelsea have recently been linked with Leicester full-back, Ben Chilwell. Leicester centre-back duo Jonny Evans and Caglar Soyuncu have been linked with Manchester City this season. However, Rodgers stated that there will be nobody leaving Leicester in January: “There’ll be no-one leaving in January. Categorically. “I’m sure if we speak (to the hierarchy), they will have the same message. “I speak regularly with Jon [Rudkins] and Top [Khun Aiyawatt Srivaddhanaprabha]. It’s very clear we want to keep this squad together. We want to ensure they stay around beyond January.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Southampton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers has this afternoon provided a fitness update on star midfielder James Maddison, ahead of the club’s meeting with Liverpool. Liverpool vs Leicester The Foxes are set to visit Anfield on Saturday afternoon, for a highly-anticipated Premier League clash. Both sides will head into proceedings in… October 3, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester City manager Brendan Rodgers has provided a fitness update on his squad, including star midfielder James Maddison, ahead of the club’s meeting with Brighton this weekend. Leicester return to action The high-flying Foxes are set to visit the Amex Stadium on Saturday, for their first outing following the international… November 21, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided an update on the fitness of goalkeeper Alisson, ahead of his side’s meeting with Leicester City. Liverpool vs Leicester The Reds are set to welcome Brendan Rodgers’ men to Anfield tomorrow afternoon, for a high-profile Premier League clash. Hosts Liverpool sit pretty… October 4, 2019 In "Sports"