As per a report from the Sun, new West Ham boss David Moyes has identified Olivier Giroud as a priority signing for the Hammers. Former Manchester United and Everton boss Moyes was officially unveiled as the new West Ham manager last night. Manuel Pellegrini was dismissed on Saturday, as a 2-1 defeat to a weakened Leicester City proved the straw that broke the camel’s back for the Chilean in London. Moyes was subsequently unveiled less than 24 hours later, in an announcement across the capital outfit’s social media platforms: We are pleased to confirm that David Moyes has returned to the Club as first-team manager. pic.twitter.com/Y2fxo5hTCE — West Ham United (@WestHam) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Scot’s appointment marks a return to the London Stadium for Moyes, after he previously guided the club away from a relegation battle during the 2017-18 campaign. And, as per the aforementioned report from the Sun, the 56-year-old is already eyeing reinforcements to his new squad. Chief among Moyes’ targets, meanwhile, is Chelsea’s Olivier Giroud. French hitman Giroud has majorly struggled for game-time to this point in the campaign. Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has settled firmly on Tammy Abraham as his first-choice centre-forward, with Michy Batshuayi now also seemingly ahead of Giroud in the attacking pecking order at Stamford Bridge. This has seen the former Arsenal man notch just 2 Premier League starts thus far in 2019/20. This is far from ideal for Giroud, with the veteran no doubt desperate to secure more regular game-time ahead of next summer’s European Championships. As such, a January move to West Ham, where he would compete with the struggling Sebastien Haller for a spot in the Hammers’ starting XI, could well appeal to Giroud. West Ham will back David Moyes to lead them out of trouble – with Chelsea outcast Olivier Giroud top target https://t.co/9gWUZHg5ra — The Sun – West Ham (@SunWestHam) December 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tammy Abraham’s contract talks with Chelsea have reportedly stalled Source: Great Goals Pellegrini sacked West Ham United took on Leicester City on Saturday evening. The Foxes put out a fairly weak starting eleven with the likes of Jamie Vardy, Caglar Soyuncu, Ben Chilwell and James Maddison all left out of the XI. Despite this, Brendan Rodgers’ side still managed to leave West… December 29, 2019 In "Sports" David Moyes was appointed manager of Premier League strugglers West Ham on Tuesday following the sacking of Slaven Bilic. AFP highlights five things about the former Everton and Manchester United boss. David Moyes admits that he can’t wait to get started on the challenge ahead after being appointed as the… November 7, 2017 In "News" Struggling West Ham said on Sunday they had appointed David Moyes as manager for the second time in a bid to safeguard their place in the Premier League. Moyes, whose career has never recovered from a deeply unsuccessful spell as Manchester United boss in 2013-14, succeeds Manuel Pellegrini, who was… December 29, 2019 In "News"