A new game, called PREWIN, kicks off in January to add to the numerous game apps donning the Nigerian mobile game space. WhatsApp to stop working on millions of phones by end of December The beauty of this one is that it can be played on WhatsApp, Web and several other mobile platforms. Introducing the game, MD/CEO of PREWIN, Mr. Adekunle Akindeji, said the game is a trivia platform that educates and rewards players on different subject areas. According to him, the game is divided into several knowledge categories such as sports, fashion, politics, and entertainment among others which a player can choose from. He said players are also rewarded based on their ability to answer correctly at least eight of 10 questions within a specified period of time in their category of choice. Akindeji said: “PREWIN knowledge games were designed to give people the opportunity to test their knowledge and get rewarded while carrying out their daily activities on WhatsApp. He said: “People spend a lot of time on WhatsApp either connecting with friends, families, business partners or colleagues. With time being such an intangible resource, we came up with the idea of the games for people to get educated and rewarded in this knowledge based economy”. Seahawks defender Woods given four-game doping ban He however added that the games are only allowed for players that have attained 18 years of age. Vanguard The post New game, Prewin debuts on WhatsApp in January appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard EA is the third company this month to announce a video game streaming service, following Google's ProjectStream and Microsoft's Project xCloud. Electronic Arts, the largest video game developer in the world, is the latest company to reveal plans for a cloud gaming platform. EA&apos;s Chief Technology Officer Ken Moss announced… October 30, 2018 In "News" Chelsea manager, Antonio Conte, has confirmed defender Gary Cahill as the new captain of the club. Cahill, 31, skippered Chelsea for the majority of last season with club captain John Terry out of the team, and he has now been rewarded with the job permanently. The England international joined Chelsea… July 23, 2017 In "News" <ul><li><strong>The former head of state, who is a fan of the sport, has expressed enthusiasm in helping the NBA and International Basketball Federation (FIBA) launch a new league in Africa.</strong><li><li><strong>12 teams from across the continent will be selected to square it out on the pitch with games scheduled to begin… February 18, 2019 In "News"