Jose Mourinho welcomed one of his former clubs, Chelsea, to Tottenham on Sunday as the Lilywhites looked to regain a place in the Premier League top-four. Spurs started the day three points adrift of 4th place Chelsea. And a win would have taken the North London outfit up to 4th spot on goal difference. But despite Spurs being in much better form than their opponents heading into Sunday’s clash, it would be Frank Lampard who got one over on his former boss. Chelsea dominated proceedings from the get-go and eventually emerged with a 2-0 victory. Spurs’ dismal afternoon was capped off 62 minutes in when Son Heung-min was shown a straight red after the South Korean appeared to kick out at Chelsea’s Antonio Rudiger. The kick out can be seen in the highlights below and currently means the Tottenham star will miss Spurs’ next three outings. However, Jose Mourinho confirmed on Monday that Spurs have appealed said red card. Jose Mourinho confirms Spurs have appealed Son Heung-min’s red card against Chelsea. — Alasdair Gold (@AlasdairGold) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But with Son’s red still currently being upheld, Tottenham have confirmed that the first tie the attacker will miss is the Brighton clash taking place on December 26th. As well as confirming Son’s suspension, Spurs also provided some team news ahead of the Brighton tie. Both Ben Davies and Hugo Lloris are continuing rehabilitation. But Erik Lamela has begun the be reintegrated back into first-team training. TEAM NEWS: Following his red card against Chelsea, Heung-Min Son has received a three-match suspension, beginning with the Brighton fixture on Boxing Day. pic.twitter.com/MOqgFUUxSw — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tottenham head into Thursday’s action 7th in the league with a six-point gap now open between themselves and 4th place. See also: Tottenham reportedly want to sign West Ham’s Issa Diop/Spurs to recall Clarke from Leeds in January Pep Guardiola provides updates on Aguero, KDB & more ahead of Wolves clash Source: Great Goals