Chris Smalling’s career has been rather stagnant in recent years. Smalling was even allowed to go out on loan over the summer, showing just how little Ole Gunnar Solskjaer thought he needed the 30-year-old. But given how well Smalling has been playing since his move to Italy, OGS may indeed regret sanctioning his departure. Smalling has been one of Roma’s standout stars so far this season featuring 14 times across all competitions for the Serie A outfit. Roma are currently 4th in Italy’s top-flight and well in with a shot of earning Champions League football next term. And while Smalling has previously been linked with a permanent switch to the Italian capital, Solskjaer recently stated that the experienced centre-half will indeed be back in Manchester next summer: “Yeah [he will return]. “Chris has been fantastic, but we know sometimes if you change the environment it can go both ways. But Chris is the type to relish these challenges. “He’s cultured, enjoys life down there. It’s a new experience for him, and he is a boy who couldn’t be here without being a regular and I’m so happy for him. We can see the top player he is.” As quoted by the Sun. My brother A post shared by  Chris Smalling (@smalling) on Dec 7, 2019 at 1:15am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Now, after putting in some exemplary displays for Roma, it appears that Smalling could be in line for an England recall. Smalling has not featured for his country since 2017 after being dropped by Gareth Southgate. However, the Mail are reporting that the England boss traveled to Italy to watch Smalling play in Roma’s 0-0 draw with Inter Milan on Friday. Could this mean Southgate is considering recalling the Manchester United man? England’s centre-back spots are certainly an area that could be improved with the position next to Harry Maguire in England’s backline very much up for grabs. And should Smalling continue to shine in Rome, we could well see him partnering Maguire at next summer’s Euros. See also: Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Manchester City vs Manchester United live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction & odds Source: Great Goals Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this afternoon revealed that he expects defender Chris Smalling to return to the club, following the expiration of his loan with Roma. Roma switch English international Smalling had spent the last 9 years of his career on the books of Premier League giants… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report from Sky Italia, AS Roma have fallen well short of Manchester United’s valuation with their opening offer for Chris Smalling. Roma stint English international Smalling had spent the last 9 years of his career on the books of Premier League giants Manchester United. However, on the… November 1, 2019 In "Sports" Reports stemming from Italy today suggest that Chris Smalling’s superb start to life in Italy has seen both Milanese giants join the hunt for his signature. Roma stint English international Smalling had spent the last 9 years of his career on the books of Premier League giants Manchester United. However,… November 5, 2019 In "Sports"