Ladipoe Shares New Track ‘Providence’ – Notjustok Ladipoe has announced “Revival Sunday,” a just-begun musical serving on the first day of every week. The Mavin rapper, who fancies himself ‘The Lord of the Revival,’ released the first song, ‘Providence’ yesterday (15th December). The rapper, who is no doubt one of Nigeria’s finest, released his debut album last year. “Talk About Poe,” sadly, even with excellent songs and endless bars, largely went under the radar. Announcing this series, the talented rapper, born Ladipo Eso, is, again, pushing for acclaim, with his unique style he calls ‘lifelines’. ‘Providence’ was produced by Johnson IP and budding producer London, who’s worked with Mavin label mates Rema and Crayon. With lines like “since I became a goat I began to hate beef,” the Revival Sunday promises to be one dope ride with a most incredible rapper. DOWNLOAD MP3 The post Ladipoe Announces New Series; Shares First Track ‘Providence’ | Stream & Download appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay LadiPoe comes through with an impressive freestyle tagged “Providence”, produced by Johnson IP, London. Mavin’s wordsmith man, LadiPoe releases a smashing freestyle titled “Providence” to show his rap strength. This man here is another intelligent rapper made in Nigeria, his delivery and flows are always topnotch. This record is a… December 18, 2019 In "Music/Video" Ladipoe comes through with #LOTR, ‘The Revival’. A freestyle to ride on ‘Based On Kpa‘. The Mavin rapper & wordsmith raises the Bar high on this banging hip-pop record tagged ‘The Revival’. Ladipoe is currently one of the best rapper and is here to revival the hip-pop culture in the… July 19, 2019 In "Music/Video" LadiPoe Are you aware that Simi can rap? Well, Mavin Records rapper, LadiPoe is of the opinion that Nigerian singer/ songwriter, Simi, is an amazing rapper who still doesn’t believe it. This remark was made during his lyrics breakdown session on NotjustVerses by NotjustokTV. The singer, while breaking down this… August 9, 2019 In "Music/Video"