Borussia Dortmund are through to the last 16 of the Champions League. It’s been a tough season for BVB, especially in the Bundesliga, however they’ve now got something to look forward to in 2020. On matchday 6 of the Champions League, Dortmund beat Slavia Prague 2-1 to qualify in second place in Group F. Inter finished in third after a 2-1 home defeat to a Barcelona b-team. Jadon Sancho was central in Dortmund’s win. Sancho opened for the Germans after 10 minutes, before he set up Julian Brandt for the winner on the hour mark. As confirmed by ESPN’s Dale Johnson, the impact of Slavia Prague’s defeat could be significant in Scotland. Celtic and Rangers have the opportunity to increase Scotland’s Champions League quota to two teams for the 2021-22 season. Dale Johnson explained: Slavia Prague’s exit means the Czech Republic has no teams left in Europe. If Celtic and Rangers can get two wins between them to raise Scotland above the Czech Republic in UEFA coefficient table, it’s almost certain Scotland will have two teams in Champions League in 2021-22. Slavia Prague's exit means the Czech Republic has no teams left in Europe. If Celtic and Rangers can get two wins between them to raise Scotland above the Czech Republic in UEFA coefficient table, it's almost certain Scotland will have two teams in Champions League in 2021-22. — Dale Johnson (@DaleJohnsonESPN) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Nope, Scotland would keep one UEL plus two into the Conference League. So one extra team in Europe but in the third tier. https://t.co/5AdromMeSY — Dale Johnson (@DaleJohnsonESPN) December 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js So can Celtic and Rangers win a combined two matches in Europe this season? Both Scottish clubs have a game to go in the Europa League groups on Thursday. Celtic have already won Group E. Celtic take on CFR Cluj in Romania this week. Rangers take on Swiss side Young Boys at Ibrox this week. Rangers need at least a draw to qualify, while a victory would confirm them as group winners. Lose, and Rangers could exit the Europa League. Also see: Dinamo Zagreb vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions. Bayern Munich vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals