Jamie Vardy is having a simply superb 2019/20 season with Leicester City. After 16 games of the Premier League campaign, Vardy has already notched up 16 goals in the English top-flight. The Englishman has also provided three assists in those 16 ties. And he is currently the top scorer in the Premier League. Vardy’s current closest competitors for the 2019/20 PL Golden Boot are Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Tammy Abraham who are both five goals behind the Leicester man, showing just what a phenomenal season he is having. Vardy also became just the second player in Premier League history to score in eight successive games on two separate occasions after scoring vs Aston Villa this past weekend. 8+ – Jamie Vardy is just the second player in Premier League history to score in eight successive games on two separate occasions, after Ruud van Nistelrooy in January 2002 and August 2003. Punisher. pic.twitter.com/PjnDXTtWRW — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 29: England manager Gareth Southgate is pictured during an England Squad Announcement and Press Conference at Wembley Stadium on August 29, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Andrew Redington/Getty Images) With Vardy in such emphatic form and the Euros just around the corner, perhaps some England fans may be hoping Vardy reconsiders his international career. The 32-year-old stepped back from the national team after the 2018 World Cup. However, Gareth Southgate has recently been speaking about the in-form Leicester forward. And when speaking about Vardy, Southgate stated that the door has always been open for Vardy to return for England: “[His form] is not a surprise to me because physically he’s in great condition. “He’s a bit like James Milner, not having the international week where you’ve got a couple of extra games, and as you’re getting a bit older you can manage your body differently. “I’m sure he could do both, but at the time after the World Cup he felt that was the decision he wanted to make. We had a very grown up conversation about it and we’ve always said that the door is open.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. See also: Standard Liège vs Arsenal betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions Rangers vs Young Boys betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Besiktas betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions Manchester United vs AZ Alkmaar betting tips: Europa League preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals In finding the net during Leicester’s meeting with Aston Villa this afternoon, Jamie Vardy joined an exclusive Premier goalscoring club. Leicester march on Brendan Rodgers’ men travelled to Villa Park a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Foxes headed into proceedings amid a stellar recent spell… December 8, 2019 In "Sports" Aston Villa have this afternoon been dealt a blow on the injury front, during the club’s meeting with Leicester City. Villa host Leicester Dean Smith’s men are currently locked in action with the Foxes at Villa Park, in a Premier League clash. The two sides headed into proceedings amid altogether-contrasting… December 8, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester vs Tottenham The first Premier League game of the day on Saturday sees Leicester City host Tottenham. The Foxes head into the game 6th in the Premier League having won two, drawn two and lost one in the league this season. That loss came this past weekend vs Manchester… September 21, 2019 In "Sports"