Zlatan Ibrahimovic has rejoined former club AC Milan, having finished his impressive spell in Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy. Ibrahimovic has been one of the most successful strikers of the past decade. The Swedish forward has won numerous trophies since his last spell with AC Milan from 2010 to 2012. His latest spell in football came with MLS giants LA Galaxy. During his time stateside, Zlatan scored an incredible 53 goals in 58 appearances. However, his contract recently expired, with Ibrahimovic being linked with a return to Europe. Everton and Napoli were heavily linked with moves but now, Zlatan looks to have a new club and it’s one he’s familiar with. BRIGEVIEW, IL – APRIL 14: at Toyota Park on April 14, 2018 in Bridgeview, Illinois. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Imges) As announced by AC Milan on Friday, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a deal with the club. That deal will take him up to the end of the season, with an option for him to extend his contract until the end of next season. As revealed by their statement, Zlatan will have a medical on January 2nd before joining up with his new teammates. Speaking about his move, Ibrahimovic claimed he will do everything to help ‘change the course of this season’. “I’m coming back to a Club I hugely respect and to the city of Milan I love,” Zlatan explained. “I’ll fight together with my teammates to change the course of this season. I will do everything to make it happen”. AC Milan are currently sat 11th in Serie A after a disappointing start to the season.   Z. #IZBACK A post shared by  AC Milan (@acmilan) on Dec 27, 2019 at 10:42am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Burnley vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Leicester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Norwich vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Newcastle vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Could Zlatan still hack it in Europe? Former Inter Milan, Juventus and AC Milan striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has hinted that he could return to Serie A when his LA Galaxy contract expires. Zlatan has had an illustrious career around Europe. The Swedish striker has played for elite clubs in almost… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Could Zlatan return to Serie A soon? Napoli chairman Aurelio De Laurentiis has claimed a potential move for soon-to-be free agent Zlatan Ibrahimovic is ‘more than a suggestion’. Currently at LA Galaxy, Zlatan continues to show his quality even in the twilight years of his career. Back in 2016, the… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Reunion incoming Tottenham are reportedly poised to move for Zlatan Ibrahimovic with the Swedish striker available on a free transfer after his LA Galaxy contract expired. Zlatan enjoyed a very successful spell in the MLS, scoring an impressive 53 goals in 58 appearances. Even at 38, the Swedish striker doesn’t… November 22, 2019 In "Sports"