The Kogi State Government has assured residents and commuters of their safety in the state during the Yuletide, insisting that measures are in place to ensure security of all. In a statement in Lokoja, Saturday, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Information and Communications Strategy, Kingsley Fanwo said the State Government will not soft-pedal in its decision to ensure security of lives and property. “We urge our people to be rest assured that adequate measures are in place to protect them wherever they are. Commuters have nothing to fear, traversing the State as our Operation Total Freedom is capable of maintaining our momentum against criminal elements. “The few flashes of attacks witnessed some weeks ago were traced to criminals who enter the state to foment trouble. We have tightened the noose on them and it will be difficult for them to disturb the peace of the State anymore. “The Government Of Kogi State will continue to put security on the front burners in order to retain the confidence of investors to see Kogi State as an investment destination”. Fanwo said the State has remained “on top of the security game due to the periodic review of its performance in order to permanently close the door against criminality in the state”, assuring the people that the development witnessed in the State was largely as a result of the “uncompromising position of the GYB Administration on security matters”. “The Governor, the State Security Adviser, the security agents and the people of the state are on top of the security game in the State. We are all on the same page as far as fighting crimes is concerned. It is unimaginable the level of technology the State Government has put in place to power its Techno-Crime Combat Initiative. The model adopted in Kogi State has been effective and assuring. “As far as the Kogi State Government is concerned, Security is pivotal to development and economic prosperity, hence, the need to ratchet vigilance on criminal elements who have found our security policies and commitment tough to deal with “, the statement reads. It would be recalled that Kogi State was notorious for violent crimes before 2016, a situation that has been largely put under control by the present administration in the Confluence State. VANGUARD The post The reigns of criminals are over ⁠— Kogi Govt appeared first on Vanguard News. Source: Vanguard …urges security Chiefs to step up operations against criminals Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State has reiterated his determination to sustain his fight against insecurity in the state, saying his administration will be “ruthless against the hotbed of crimes”. Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi State Speaking through his Director General… December 1, 2017 In "News" The Kogi State Government has said it had no disagreement with the Nigerian Labour Congress, saying any attempt to drag the name of the state in the mud will fail. Kingsley Fanwo, Director General on Media and Publicity to the Governor of Kogi State Addressing newsmen in Lokoja at the… September 21, 2017 In "News" Kogi State governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, has assured the people of Omala local government area of the state of his determination to work with security agencies in the state to return peace to the troubled areas in the local government. Four persons, three civilians, and a police officer were reportedly… April 10, 2019 In "News"