Vines Realty Afrique Limited is a leading real estate company, providing professional property marketing, consulting and development services for our diverse clients in the residential and commercial property markets. At Vines Realty, we are committed to high standards of excellence and integrity. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Deadline: 12th January, 2020. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos

Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Application Closing Date
31st December, 2019. The post Fresh Job Recruitment at Vines Realty Afrique Limited (7 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Vines Realty Afrique Limited is a leading real estate company, providing professional property marketing, consulting and development services for our diverse clients in the residential and commercial property markets. At Vines Realty, we are committed to high standards of excellence and integrity. We are recruiting to fill the following positions… December 3, 2019 In "Gists" Vines Realty is a leading real estate company, providing professional property marketing, consulting and development services for our diverse clients in the residential and commercial property markets. We are recruiting to fill the position below: 1. Accountant Location: Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply   2. Graphic Designer Location:… November 23, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Vines Realty Afrique Limited Vines Realty Afrique Limited is a leading real estate company, providing professional property marketing, consulting and development services for our diverse clients in the residential and commercial property markets. At Vines Realty, we are committed to high standards of excellence and integrity. 1. Driver Click Here to… December 3, 2019 In "Gists"