The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa’s financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Team Lead, Events & Sponsorship Location: Lagos
Division: Shared Services Division
Department: Corporate Communications Department
Report to: Head, Corporate Communications
Grade: Assistant Manager – Manager
Estimated Date of Resumption: Monday, February 3, 2020 Job Summary Key Responsibilities Qualifications And Experience Functional Competencies: Behavioural Competencies: Application Closing Date
23rd December, 2019. The post Team Lead, Events & Sponsorship at the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa's financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world.… September 4, 2018 In "Jobs" The Nigerian Stock Exchange, services the largest economy in Africa, and is championing the development of Africa’s financial markets. The Exchange offers listing and trading services, licensing services, market data solutions, ancillary technology services, and more. It is an open, professional and vibrant exchange, connecting Nigeria, Africa and the world.… August 19, 2019 In "Jobs" Royal Exchange Plc, a leading player in the financial services sector of the Nigerian economy with subsidiaries and a network of branches, requires the services of suitably qualified candidates to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: Marketing Executive Location: Lagos Job Description Marketing executive staff approves various strategies and projects… November 11, 2019 In "Gists"