Jose Mourinho took the reins at Tottenham last month. The decorated manager’s first game at the helm for Spurs saw the North London outfit clinch a 3-2 victory over West Ham. That win vs the Hammers was also Spurs’ first away league victory since January of 2019. The Lilywhites have then built on that away victory, winning three of their following four league outings under Mourinho, including a 5-0 thrashing of Burnley. And despite Spurs looking increasingly unlikely to finish in the PL top-four this term when Mauricio Pochettino was in the dugout, the North London outfit are now just three points adrift of 4th place Chelsea. Spurs can also overtake Chelsea in the league table if they pick up all three points when the pair meet this coming Sunday. As well as improving Tottenham’s form, Mourinho looks to have had a positive impact on Dele Alli. The midfielder was struggling for form at the back end of last season and at the beginning of this campaign. However, under Mourinho’s guidance, Alli looks a completely different player. In his last six appearances, Alli has netted four and provided two assists. Last minute scenes… #COYS #THFC A post shared by  Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Dec 15, 2019 at 2:30pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js Now, with the January transfer window fast approaching, it seems as though Mourinho wants to make a few changes to his current crop of players. The Telegraph have reported on Wednesday that the former Chelsea and Manchester United boss wants to trim his squad in the winter window in order to get his pool of players to the ideal size. The Telegraph goes on to claim that Mourinho is willing to let Victor Wanyama leave the club. Mourinho is also said to be willing to listen to offers for Danny Rose. Spurs also look set to lose Christian Eriksen in the near future with his contract expiring in the summer. And the aforementioned report from the Telegraph stated the Dane could depart: Christian Eriksen’s contract is expiring in the summer and he could also depart. See also: Daniel Levy on finding acres of cannabis in a Tottenham warehouse & updates on Eriksen’s Spurs future Real Betis expect Tottenham to sign Lo Celso permanently in January – Standard Source: Great Goals West Ham vs Tottenham Saturday’s early Premier League clash saw Tottenham travel to West Ham United. The tie was Jose Mourinho’s first game in charge of Spurs after he replaced Mauricio Pochettino earlier this week. After their dismal start to the campaign, Mourinho has a mammoth task on his hands… November 23, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham’s poor form Tottenham have had a horrendous start to their 2019/20 campaign by their usual standards. Mauricio Pochettino managed to guide his Spurs side all the way to the 2019 Champions League final last season. However, despite having kept pretty much the same squad as last campaign, plus the… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Newly-appointed Spurs boss Jose Mourinho this evening provided his take on the club’s surprise run to last season’s Champions League final. Mourinho returns to the dugout The major talking point across the English media over the last week has surrounded Tottenham’s decision to part ways with Mauricio Pochettino, and replace… November 25, 2019 In "Sports"