The “Soapy” singer who was just recently accused of stealing a car alongside his brothers has taken to his Twitter to quickly play down the rumour and allay the fear of his followers. The singer has revealed it probably is high time he started to post some of the luxury items he owns so everyone could know hoe rich and buoyant he his. He wrote; “Car theft?? ???? maybe I need to post my bentley, Porsche or benzo. If u lot like try stain my name from today till tomorrow I will still be the next president and who’s adeyemi fashola aka Naira Marley.  Another free promo I’m guessing.” See post below: Car theft?? ???? maybe I need to post my bentley, Porsche or benzo. If u lot like try stain my name from today till tomorrow I will still be the next president and who’s adeyemi fashola aka Naira Marley.
Another free promo I’m guessing — nairamarley (@officialnairam1) December 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Car Theft? I’ll Start Posting My Bentley, Porshe & Benz – Naira Marley Breaks Silence Over Car Theft Allegation appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Nigerian singer, Naira Marley has reacted to the Court Order for his arrest over an alleged car theft. A Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos recently ordered the Nigerian musician, Adeyemi Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley to be arrested and arraigned over alleged car theft. Chief magistrate, Mr Tajudeen Elias,… December 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" Naira Marley alongside his brothers and a cousin have been reported to have stolen a car. The reports have it that the singer who was in the company of his brothers; Idris Fashola and Babatunde Fashola stole a Toyota Camry car worth 1.8 million naira. The incident has been reported… December 16, 2019 In "Music/Video" A Chief Magistrates’ Court in Lagos has ordered the Nigerian musician, Adeyemi Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley to be arrested and arraigned over alleged car theft. Chief magistrate, Mr Tajudeen Elias, ordered that the Investigating Police Officer (IPO), Sgt. Sunday Idoko, handling the case must present Naira Marley in… December 16, 2019 In "Entertainment"