Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has heaped praise on Paul Pogba, after the midfielder returned to the pitch during his side’s shock defeat at Watford earlier today. The Red Devils visited Vicarage Road this afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. United headed into proceedings amid a fine run of form of late, which had seen them fall to just one defeat in their previous 10 across all competitions. This run included impressive victories over the likes of Tottenham and champions Manchester City, and had seen the Manchester giants book their spot in both the knockout rounds of the Europa League, and the Carabao Cup’s semi-finals. Watford, on the other hand, had managed just 2 league wins all season before today, and sat dead bottom of the English top-flight, with a paltry 9 points. As such, when all was said and done at Vicarage Road, it came as a major shock that it was the hosts who emerged with all 3 points. Strikes from Ismaila Sarr and Troy Deeney shortly after the interval eventually proved the difference between the sides, as Watford picked up just their 3rd win of the Premier League season, and Manchester United slipped further adrift of the top-4. 6 – Since the start of last season, no player has made more errors leading to goals in the Premier League than David de Gea (6). Gifts. #WATMUN pic.twitter.com/RIpNYWZYi5 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) December 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Evidently, based on the scoreline, Manchester United were far from their best over the course of the 90 minutes this afternoon. The Red Devils looked equally shaky defensively and disjointed going forward, with Watford having been fully deserving of their 3 points. One of the visitors’ stars who did manage to influence proceedings during his limited time on the pitch, though, was Paul Pogba. French midfielder Pogba marked his return following almost 3 months on the sidelines at Vicarage Road, and had an immediate impact, driving United forward with power and quality following his 65th-minute introduction. As such, speaking on the back of his side’s embarrassing defeat, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was keen to highlight Pogba’s influence, labelling the World Cup winner’s comeback as the one positive takeaway from the Red Devils’ display: ‘The big plus is Paul coming on. And that’s the one plus.’ ‘He added urgency, quality, some great passes. The boy has been working hard. He’s fit and leaner.’ ‘He’ll bring us a lot. He is important for us. He makes us create more chances.’ Quotes via TeamTalk Chelsea & Man City dominate Alan Shearer’s Premier League Team of the Decade Man United have lowest points total at Christmas since 1989 Source: Great Goals An amusing clip of Gary Neville accidentally interrupting Jose Mourinho’s pre-Spurs vs Chelsea interview on Sky Sports, after spotting David De Gea’s howler during Manchester United’s meeting with Watford, has emerged online this evening. Watford spring surprise Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men travelled to Vicarage Road earlier today, for their latest… December 22, 2019 In "Sports" An amazing stat, highlighting just how mistake-prone Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has been over the last 18 months, has emerged online this afternoon. United shocked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men travelled to Vicarage Road a short time ago, for a Premier League meeting with basement-dwellers Watford. The two sides… December 22, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has today admitted that he is finding it difficult to watch on from the sidelines, as his side continue to struggle for consistency on the pitch. Bournemouth 1-0 Man United United travelled to the Vitality Stadium yesterday afternoon, for a league meeting with Bournemouth. The… November 3, 2019 In "Sports"