The “Akpako” singer who truly seems like a re-born man, judging from the really emotional words put together to persuade his baby mama, wants another chance with her to put things right and treat her like a special woman she truly is. He wrote; “Sometimes, there are simply no words that can adequately Express the depth of a person’s feelings that are plagued by regrets, guilt and sadness for a wrong done. I want to tell you i’m sorry a thousand times, but that can’t undo what has been done or ease the pain in your heart. “I totally deserve all the anger and resentment from you, you are the nicest person any sane man would wanna have as a part of them in this thing called life, your calmness, niceness, understanding is unbeatable, how and why I did not think of moments you might get really hurt and walk away, without a word, your silence is killing, i’m full of regrets, pls @cocomims, I know I don’t have the right to ask anything from you when I have offended you, but if you can find it in your heart to forgive me and give me other opportunity to prove to you how much I love you and a chance to make your future a happier one with more laughters and few tears..????” See post: sometimes, there are simply no words that can adequately Express the depth of a person’s feelings that are plagued by regrets,guilt and sadness for a wrong done.i want to tell u am sorry a thousand times, but that cant undo what has been done or ease the pain in your heart.i totally deserve all the anger and resentment from you ,u are the nicest person any sane man wld wanna have as a part of them in this thing called life ,your calmness,niceness, understanding is unbeatable,how and why I did not think of moments u might get really hurt and walk away, without a word, your silence is killing, am full of regrets, pls @cocomims ,I know I dont have the right to ask anything from you when I have offended u,but if u can find it in your heart to forgive me and give me other opportunity to prove to u how much I love u.and a chance to make your future a happier one with more laughters and few tears..???? A post shared by  TERRY G (@iamterryg) on Dec 10, 2019 at 2:50am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Please Forgive & Give Me another Chance – Terry G Begs Baby Mama After ‘Putting A knife Through Her Heart’ appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Young Nigerians are prefer the baby mama, baby daddy set-up over polygamy. Emeka (not his real name) is in his late 20s and has twin boys who were born in 2011. Emeka is also not married. In today’s lingo, Emeka is known as a baby daddy. This term can be… November 27, 2017 In "News" STREAM/DOWNLOAD MP3 Ycee – “Wahala Lyrics“   Intro Don know Vibe Ain’t nobody badder than Shawty wan sign in Shawty wan Shawty wan Say I never see your type before girl I swear I see another baby girl I no go run away Bad with the figure you dey high… November 23, 2019 In "Music/Video" …My early years were full of pain, today I’m fulfilled …Madam Aduke Onikoyi-Laguda used to trek from Ilasa to Oshodi to keep fit …What my husband told me before he died By Sola Ogundipe Sickle Cell Disorder is one of the most common chronic yet treatable genetic disorders in Nigeria… October 27, 2017 In "News"