The 2019 Ballon d’Or award ceremony took place earlier this week on December 2nd. It would be Barcelona’s Lionel Messi who walked away with the award for the 6th time, retaking his crown from the 2018 winner, Luka Modric. Messi’s closest rivals for the award were Liverpool defender Virgil van Dijk, who finished 2nd and Cristiano Ronaldo, who came 3rd. Here is the 2019 Ballon d’Or Top 3 1. Lionel Messi
2. @VirgilvDijk
3. @Cristiano The ranking > https://t.co/cSurv8xUiL #Ballondor pic.twitter.com/nl1fqJM1qP — France Football (@francefootball) December 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As well as having VVD in the top three, Champions League holders Liverpool also had Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Alisson Becker in the Ballon d’Or top 10. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 17: Sadio Mane of Liverpool celebrates after scoring his team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Liverpool FC at St Mary’s Stadium on August 17, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images) However, while there is no doubting that Ronaldo is one of the greatest players to ever grace a football pitch, did he really deserve to be in this year’s top three? A case could instead be made that Sadio Mane, who finished the joint-top scorer in the Premier League last season, reached the 2019 AFCON final and won the 2019 Champions League with Liverpool should have instead been in that final three along with Messi and van Dijk. But regardless of his finish this year, Jurgen Klopp has backed Mane to continue to climb the Ballon d’Or table and have an incredible career, if he stays healthy: “Sadio is in incredible shape. Since his first day he was an incredibly important player. I remember his goal against Arsenal, running down the line, cutting inside and then with the next step with the left foot in the far corner. “Sadio especially in the game against Barcelona was really impressive. It was like we had three of him on the pitch and he kept that shape. If he stays healthy he will have an incredible career in front of him and he can climb that table Ballon d’Or wise. He is in a very good way and I am really happy for him.” As quoted by the Telegraph. See also: Manchester City vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Tottenham vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Watford vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Bournemouth vs Liverpool betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Ballon d’Or winner Lionel Messi has today hinted that Liverpool star Sadio Mane was deserving of a higher finish than 4th in the award’s final standings. Messi makes history The latest edition of the ‘Golden Ball’ ceremony took place in Paris this past Monday. The event sees the finest 30… December 5, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has opened up on his side’s star defender missing out on the Ballon d’Or crown to Lionel Messi. Messi makes history The latest edition of the ‘Golden Ball’ ceremony took place in Paris last night. The event sees the finest 30 players from around the globe… December 3, 2019 In "Sports" Lionel Messi has this evening been named as the 2019 Ballon d’Or winner, marking the Argentine’s record-breaking 6th crown. Ballon d’Or 2019 The Ballon d’Or ceremony, which sees the finest footballers from around the globe gather with respective hopes of being named the world’s best for the calendar year, took… December 2, 2019 In "Sports"