As per a report from the reliable Athletic, Premier League giants Manchester United will not sanction the sale of midfielder Paul Pogba in the winter transfer window. Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the Frenchman again proved himself to be one of the most infuriatingly-inconsistent players in world football, Pogba was heavily-targeted by the United faithful on the final day of the season: https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, the growing tension between the 26-year-old and the Red Devils, coupled with Real Madrid’s public chase of a superstar midfield addition, resulted in Pogba being hotly-tipped to make a move to the Bernabeu. The former Juventus man’s agent, Mino Raiola, meanwhile, added fuel to the fire regarding a potential summer exit from Old Trafford for his client back in July, in admitting: ‘Everyone within the club from the manager to the owner knows Paul’s wishes.’ ‘Everyone knows the willingness of Paul to move on. We are in the process of that. Everyone knows what the feelings of Paul are.’ In the end, however, upon the European transfer deadline passing in September, Pogba remained a Manchester United player. This has not, though, put an end to the speculation surrounding his future. An explosive report from Spanish outlet Cope last month claimed that Pogba, despite having not featured for the Red Devils since the end of September, is actually fully fit to play. This comes amid suggestions that the World Cup winner is attempting to force through a January departure. The report also stated that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had opened to the idea of Pogba moving on. Manchester United’s Paul Pogba reacts during the Premier League match at Old Trafford Manchester United v Arsenal – Premier League – Old Trafford 30-09-2019 . (Photo by Barrington Coombs/EMPICS/PA Images via Getty Images) As per the aforementioned update courtesy of the Athletic, though, United’s star midfielder will be going nowhere this winter. Andy Mitten has revealed that those in charge at Old Trafford have ruled out the possibility of Pogba being sold following the turn of the year. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Crystal Palace vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals As per a report from ESPN, Manchester United are preparing to open contract negotiations with Paul Pogba, in the hopes of tying the midfielder down to fresh terms. Real links Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss… September 21, 2019 In "Sports" A report from Spanish outlet Cope this afternoon has made a number of explosive claims regarding Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba. Real links Speculation surrounding the future of Red Devils star man Pogba was rife all summer. On the back of a hit-and-miss campaign last time out, during which the… November 25, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has appealed to the Red Devils’ fans to support Paul Pogba and make the France international feel more at home at the club in the 2019/ 2020 season. Solskjaer seems to be making a success of prevailing on Pogba who wanted out this summer… July 24, 2019 In "Sports"