Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 19 kicks off on Thursday the 26th of December at 12:30 pm UK time, when Tottenham play host to Brighton. Gameweek 19 will end on Friday the 27th of December, with Manchester City traveling to Wolves. So, all of your transfers for GW19 need to be done by 11:30 am UK time on Thursday. But if you are struggling to choose who to sign and who to sell this week, here are some tips. Despite being in a relegation battle, Southampton have been in pretty decent form of late. The Saints have won three of their last five league ties and moved three points clear of the bottom three. One of Southampton’s standout stars this season has been Danny Ings. The former Liverpool man is pivotal to Southampton’s attacking threat and his form of late has been particularly impressive. Ings has bagged himself 11 goals in the PL already this term, including seven in his last seven outings. The Southampton man is also now the 5th best forward on FPL and at 6.5 is a real bargain. Southampton are taking on Chelsea this game week and while it may seem like a tough test, the Blues do not have the best defensive record under Frank Lampard and are typically better away from home. Sheffield United are having an impressive start to life back in the Premier League. With half the season over, the Blades currently find themselves sat in a very impressive 5th spot in the PL table. Part of the reason for Sheff United’s success this term has been their superb defence. Chris Wilder’s side have let in just 16 goals in 18 league fixtures this season. Only Liverpool and Leicester have conceded fewer goals in the league, both letting in 14. So, at just 4.8 Dean Henderson looks like a real solid option for your goalkeeper spot. Henderson is currently the top keeper on FPL after amassing 76 points in 2019/20. Sheffield United’s English goalkeeper Dean Henderson reacts during the English Premier League football match between Sheffield United and Liverpool at Bramall Lane in Sheffield, northern England on September 28, 2019. (Photo by Paul ELLIS / AFP) / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or ‘live’ services. Online in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No video emulation. Social media in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No use in betting publications, games or single club/league/player publications. / (Photo credit should read PAUL ELLIS/AFP/Getty Images) The final player you may wish to sign this week is Leicester standout, Jamie Vardy. Vardy is having a sensational campaign and currently has 22 more points than any other player on FPL. Vardy is also the top scorer in the English top-flight with the forward bagging 17 goals and providing five assists in the league so far this season. And while you may be put off signing Vardy this week as Leicester are at home to Liverpool, Vardy typically does fairly well against the bigger clubs as they are the sides that generally push forward more, allowing the pacey Vardy to get in behind on the counter. Vardy would even score for Leicester last game week, despite the Foxes being hammered by Manchester City. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 03: Jamie Vardy of Leicester City during the Premier League match between Crystal Palace and Leicester City at Selhurst Park on November 03, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Chloe Knott – Danehouse/Getty Images) Heung-Min Son is arguably Tottenham’s best attacking threat for FPL players to own. However, the South Korean was shown a straight red card in Spurs’ defeat to Chelsea on Sunday. As a result, Son is set to miss Tottenham’s next three league outings. TEAM NEWS: Following his red card against Chelsea, Heung-Min Son has received a three-match suspension, beginning with the Brighton fixture on Boxing Day. pic.twitter.com/MOqgFUUxSw — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Jose Mourinho would confirm on Monday that the North London outfit had appealed said red card. Jose Mourinho confirms Spurs have appealed Son Heung-min’s red card against Chelsea. — Alasdair Gold (@AlasdairGold) December 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
But it has since been reported that the appeal has been rejected. #Breaking Tottenham have failed with their appeal against Son Heung-min’s red card against Chelsea, the Football Association has announced #THFC pic.twitter.com/mAb8dS2UTi — PA Dugout (@PAdugout) December 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Marcus Rashford had been in pretty decent form earlier this month and in November. However, the Manchester United man’s form has dipped off slightly in recent weeks. Rashford has failed to score in United’s last two league ties. And with Man United taking on an in-form Newcastle this game week, it is hard to see Rashford ending his mini goal drought. Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford scores his side’s second goal of the game with a free kick during the Carabao Cup, Fourth Round match at Stamford Bridge, London. (Photo by John Walton/PA Images via Getty Images) After Sergio Aguero picked up an injury back in GW13 when Manchester City took on Chelsea, FPL players may have opted to replace the Argentine with his teammate, Gabriel Jesus. The Brazilian would start the Citizens’ last five league outings and while he scored three in those five ties, Jesus was by no means impressive. Aguero would then make his first-team return for City this past weekend, coming on for one minute vs Leicester. So, with Aguero edging his way back into contention for a starting spot, it may be a good time to sell Jesus. See also: Amazon live streaming: Watch every Premier League match on Boxing Day for free from anywhere Lampard confirms Azpilicueta has ‘small issue’ ahead of Southampton/ Chelsea linked with Isco Source: Great Goals Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 18 kicks off on Saturday the 21st of December at 12:30 pm UK time, when Everton play host to Arsenal. Gameweek 18 will end on Sunday the 22nd of December, with Chelsea traveling to Tottenham. So, all of your transfers for GW18 need to be done… December 20, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 16 kicks off on Saturday the 7th of December at 12:30 pm UK time, when Everton play host to Chelsea. Gameweek 16 will end on Monday the 9th  of December, with Arsenal traveling to West Ham. So, all of your transfers for GW16 need to be… December 6, 2019 In "Sports" Fantasy Premier League Gameweek 14 kicks off on Saturday the 30th of November at 12:30 pm UK time when Newcastle play host to Manchester City. Gameweek 14 will end on Sunday the 1st of December, with Everton traveling to Leicester and Manchester United hosting Aston Villa. So, all of your… November 29, 2019 In "Sports"