Red Bull Salzburg star Erling Braut Haaland has reportedly travelled to England on Friday amid links with Manchester United. Haaland has burst onto the scene this season after a number of impressive performances in the Champions League. The Norwegian striker scored in all but one of his group stage games, drawing a blank in the final game with Liverpool. His impressive group stage performances see him second in the competitions top scorer charts on eight goals, two behind Bayern Munich’s Robert Lewandowski. Haaland has also scored a further 20 goals domestically, taking his overall tally for the season to 28. As a result of his performances this season, the 19-year-old has been linked with a move away from Salzburg. Manchester United have been heavily linked, as have several other clubs. Though, it looked on Friday like Manchester United could have taken the first step to signing him. According to Norwegian outlet Aftenblad, Haaland has flown into Manchester on Friday. They claim: ‘Aftenbladet has sources that Erling Braut Haaland and his father Alf-Inge Haaland travelled to Manchester from Sola on Friday morning with a Norwegian plane’. His plane supposedly landed in Manchester at 10:15am, with United fans naturally excited. Unfortunately, Aftenblad didn’t provide much more information than that.   Thank you for all the support this year2019 2020 A post shared by  Erling Braut Haaland (@erling.haaland) on Dec 17, 2019 at 10:58am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js While Manchester United fans were thinking Haaland is in England for talks, there may be a very innocent reason as to why he is in Manchester. In his pre-Watford press conference, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer suggested that Haaland was simply on his holidays. “I know the boy and his friends and he’s on a Christmas holiday,” he explained, as quoted by the Standard. That’s that, then!   How many days ’til Christmas, Ole? A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Dec 20, 2019 at 12:14am PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Liverpool vs Flamengo betting tips: Club World Cup Final match preview & predictions Everton vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Newcastle United vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals