Sean Dyche has this evening provided fitness updates on a pair of his side’s stars, ahead of their meeting with Manchester City. The Clarets are set to welcome champions City to Turf Moor tomorrow evening, for their latest Premier League outing. Both sides will head into proceedings in search of a bounce-back performance, on the back of disappointing respective results over the weekend. Pep Guardiola’s Sky Blues stuttered to a 2-2 draw at Newcastle, further denting their slim title chances. Burnley, meanwhile, were put to the sword by 2 goals to nil, at home to Crystal Palace. Goals from Wilfried Zaha and Jeffrey Schlupp eventually proved the difference between the sides, bringing to an end a streak of 2 straight victories for the Clarets. A difficult afternoon for Burnley on Saturday, meanwhile, was also compounded by a blow on the personnel front. Late in the first-half, Charlie Taylor picked up a hamstring problem, eventually resulting in the stopper being forced off to be replaced by Erik Pieters. And Taylor, who had only recently returned from a previous lengthy spell on the sidelines, is therefore a major doubt to feature versus Manchester City tomorrow night. Speaking in a pre-match press conference this evening, Sean Dyche confirmed that Burnley are ‘awaiting a final decision’ on their full-back: SD still awaiting a final decision on Charlie Taylor’s fitness, although thoughts are it is not a serious hamstring injury. — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) December 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Taylor, though, is not the Clarets’ only fitness concern ahead of tomorrow. Ashley Westwood, who missed out at the weekend due to suspension, is struggling with a groin issue: SD confirms Ashley Westwood, who missed the weekend game through suspension, has a slight groin problem that will need checking out ahead of Tuesday’s game v @ManCity — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) December 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Crystal Palace vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals