Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno has this evening discussed what he feels the club’s main problems are, on the back of their defeat to Manchester City. The Gunners welcomed Pep Guardiola’s men to the Emirates earlier today, for a Premier League clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings on the back of a morale-boosting result in their last league outing, when the north Londoners put fellow capital outfit West Ham to the sword by 3 goals to 1. This brought to an end a run of 9 games without a win across all competitions. When the 90 minutes were said and done at the Emirates this evening, though, Arsenal were brought firmly back down to earth. A rampant first-half display on the part of visitors City saw the Sky Blues race out to a 3-0 lead, courtesy of strikes from Kevin De Bruyne (2) and Raheem Sterling. Guardiola’s side took their foot off the pedal following the interval, but Arsenal never really looked like getting back into things over the course of the 2nd 45. As such, on the back of another sub-par display, questions have since once again been asked of interim Gunners boss Freddie Ljungberg. Club legend Ljungberg was thrown in at the deep end at the Emirates following Unai Emery’s sacking late last month, and has since unsurprisingly failed to turn the fortunes of his former side around. One individual who feels that the Swede is in fact doing ‘a good job’, and should not be blamed for Arsenal’s continued struggles, though, is Bernd Leno. Speaking in a post-match interview with Sky Sports this evening, shot-stopper Leno revealed his opinion that there is ‘a gap’ between Arsenal and the likes of Manchester City: ‘After four or five minutes the game was done. I think in the first half we deserved this result. In the second half we couldn’t touch the ball and also couldn’t create the chances.’ ‘At the moment we have to say there is a gap between [the top] teams. We have the quality but when you see the games we miss intensity, we are not fresh in our minds.’ ‘It is good we have a week to work a little bit and speak about this situation, we have to change something in our minds.’ On Ljungberg, Leno continued: ‘It’s good to know what is in the future or in the next weeks but that is not our job – it is the job of the club. We accept Freddie, he is doing a good job.’ ‘I don’t think the manager is the problem, everyone has to look at himself and be honest at himself. If everyone was giving everything today – I think the mentality is the main thing.’ Quotes via Goal Crystal Palace vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Unai Emery rejected chance to take over at Everton – Marca Source: Great Goals