Sheffield United will travel to Aston Villa on Saturday afternoon. Both sides were promoted to the Premier League last term but they have both have rather contrasting starts to the season. Sheff United will begin the weekend sat 8th in the English top-flight just two points off 5th place and with one loss in their last five league outings. Aston Villa, on the other hand, are teetering above the relegation zone. Villa have lost three of their last five league clashes, winning just one. And Dean Smith’s side are only above 18th place Southampton due to goal difference. BIRMINGHAM, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 15: Dean Smith manager of Aston Villa during a press conference at Villa Park Stadium on October 15, 2018 in Birmingham, England. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Prior to the meeting with Sheffield United, Aston Villa have been handed a rather big blow. Tyrone Mings has been one of Aston Villa’s standout stars this season. The towering central defender has featured in all 16 of Villa’s PL games this campaign and his good form even earned him his senior England debut earlier this season. However, Mings was forced off just 23 minutes into Villa’s last clash, which saw them comprehensively beaten 4-1 by Leicester. Now, on Friday, Villa boss Dean Smith has confirmed Mings is unavailable for the trip to Bramall Lane due to a hamstring problem. https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Chelsea vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Watford betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Burnley vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Sheffield United vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Aston Villa standout John McGinn made the switch to Villa Park in August of 2018 from Scottish outfit, Hibernian. Aston Villa are believed to have paid around £2.79m for McGinn’s services. McGinn would have a solid debut season for Aston Villa, in which the midfielder scored six and assisted 10… October 19, 2019 In "Sports" Grealish impressing for Villa Jack Grealish has had a solid start to the season with Aston Villa. The newly-promoted side haven’t had the easiest of times but do have four points from five games. Grealish has captained Villa in all five of their PL games so far this season and… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Norwich vs Aston Villa Norwich are set to place host to fellow Premier League newcomers Aston Villa at 3 pm UK time on Saturday. While the Canneries have certainly been a fairly entertaining side since their promotion, including beating Manchester City, their overall league form is a concern. Norwich start… October 5, 2019 In "Sports"