John Arne Riise and Sam Allardyce are among those to have aimed criticism in the direction of Duncan Ferguson, in the wake of the interim Everton boss’ controversial substitution of Moise Kean during his side’s meeting with Manchester United. The Toffees travelled to Old Trafford yesterday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. Hosts United headed into proceedings on a much-improved run of form of late, having notched 3 consecutive victories across all competitions. Everton, though, also entered the matchup with their tails up, on the back of a 3-1 win over Chelsea. And, when all was said and done in Manchester, caretaker Toffees boss Duncan Ferguson did his hopes of being handed the club’s managerial reins on a permanent basis no harm. The Merseysiders took the lead with 36 minutes on the clock, courtesy of a Victor Lindelof own goal. Everton managed to hold onto their advantage until 13 minutes from time, before substitute Mason Greenwood levelled things up for Manchester United. As such, when all was said and done, both sides were forced to settle for a point. A positive afternoon for Everton’s staff, fans and players alike, however, actually proved a hugely-discouraging one for one of the Toffees’ stars. The individual in question was Moise Kean. Italian youngster Kean has endured a difficult start to life in England, following his summer move to Goodison Park from Juventus. And his Premier League adventure took another turn for the worse at Old Trafford yesterday. With 20 minutes remaining, Kean was introduced as a substitute in place of Bernard. Incredibly, though, just 18 minutes later, Duncan Ferguson opted to haul the 19-year-old off, in favour of Oumar Niasse. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 15: Moise Kean of Everton walks off the pitch after being substituted during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Everton FC at Old Trafford on December 15, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) Kean, clearly disconsolate at his manager’s decision, made his way past Ferguson without so much as a glance at the Toffees legend, before heading straight down the tunnel to the visitors’ changing room. As such, unsurprisingly, Ferguson’s treatment of his side’s young hitman has since seen the 47-year-old come in for heavy criticism. Many feel as though the Everton boss was far too harsh on Kean, with his actions only set to further dent the confidence of the struggling Italian international. Two of those to have taken such a stance, meanwhile, are John Arne Riise and Sam Allardyce. Speaking in an interview with talkSPORT, former Liverpool star Riise hit out at Ferguson for ‘destroying’ Kean: ‘Sometimes in football, you have to think about the human part. He’s destroying this young boy’s confidence.’ ‘He doesn’t even shake his hand. Give him a hug – he’s a young boy. That is the worst thing you can do for any player, but especially a young boy who doesn’t speak the language very well.’ ‘He destroyed that young player.’ Allardyce took a slightly less severe stance, but nevertheless suggested that Ferguson should have handled the situation in a more compassionate manner: ‘He probably should have embraced him when he came off. The people around him should have said ‘gaffer, don’t do that.’ ‘He is in the pressure pot for the first time, he’s at Old Trafford, he’s getting a result and in his mind he’s thinking ‘he’s not doing what he should have done, get him off.’ ‘Someone should have said ‘do you think that’s right, gaffer?’ He’s done fantastic [Ferguson] but under the pressure we all make mistakes. That’s why your staff is there.’ Quotes via Football-Italia Sky’s Ancelotti-Everton meeting claims denied Claims mount that Mikel Arteta is set to be named new Arsenal boss imminently Source: Great Goals Everton held by Man United Manchester United vs Everton was one of three Premier League games taking place on Sunday. The Toffees’ last tie saw them earn a comprehensive 3-1 victory over 4th place Chelsea last weekend. And Duncan Ferguson will have no doubt been keen to build on that… December 15, 2019 In "Sports" Conflicting reports surrounding a rumoured meeting between Carlo Ancelotti and the Everton board have emerged online this evening. Silva sacked On the back of an abysmal start to the campaign, a long-anticipated change at the helm at Goodison Park was confirmed two weeks ago. A 5-2 drubbing at the hands… December 16, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United defender Harry Maguire has this evening revealed his opinion that the Red Devils were hard done by in not picking up all 3 points versus Everton earlier today. Greenwood clinches point Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men welcomed the Toffees to Old Trafford this afternoon, for a Premier League clash.… December 15, 2019 In "Sports"