It appeared there were loads of Marlians who were not allowed entry into the hotel due to them not having a pass for the show. This restriction caused these very troublesome set of Marlians to be upset and they sort to gain entry into the show premises in the most uncivil, uncultured and criminal manner. They decided on scaling the hotel walls and causing a massive attack on the people at the gate to gain a forceful entry into hotel. This show of uncivilization from Marlians was however curtailed by the Law enforcement officers on ground with many of these guys arrested and detained. Watch video: Marlians no dey buy ticket, Marlians dey jump fence.. Eko Hotel in chaos ?? #MarlianFest pic.twitter.com/xHb5skQZdZ — Best Baba ?? (@iambestb) December 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js I heard that One Marlin was crying saying please don’t take me i just want to make mama proud ??? Siri play me Kirikiri Jo soapy#NairaMarley #MarlianFest pic.twitter.com/H2nTcvLDDV — Kiddee La baller (@iam_kiddee) December 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js  The post Watch Moment Marlians Scaled Fence & Caused Chaos At The Eko Hotel After Being Denied Entry To Naira Marley’s Show appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive There was pandemonium at Eko Hotel as loyal fans of singer, Naira Marley tried to gain entrance into Naira Marley’s concert on Monday night, December 30, 2019. In a video shared online, fans can be seen running in different directions outside Eko Hotel where the Marlian Fest was taking place.… December 31, 2019 In "Entertainment" Marlians are here and their king, Naira Marlian  is here too at Eko Hotel Convention Centre sauntering into the stage with as  much swag as the Marlian king that he is. Naira Marley started off the crowd with the hype we know him to…   Watch video;   The post… December 31, 2019 In "Music/Video" Naira Marley’s much publicized concert held yesterday and as expected, it has been trending on social media since last night. According to videos making rounds on social media, authorities, yesterday, arrested some Marlians who attended the ‘Marlian fest’ 2019 at the Eko Convention center, Eko Hotel, Victoria Island, Lagos. The… December 31, 2019 In "Entertainment"