As per a report from the Daily Mail, French outfit Lille could opt to leave a number of their star performers out of the club’s starting XI to take on Chelsea tonight. Frank Lampard’s men are set to welcome Lille to Stamford Bridge later today, for their final Champions League group stage outing of the campaign. As things stand, Group H remains wide open, with all of Chelsea, Valencia and Ajax still in the running for qualification to the last-16. Ajax are the front-runners at present, with last season’s semi-finalists sitting pretty atop the table, with 10 points from 5 fixtures to this point. Valencia and Chelsea sit 2 points further back, with the former narrowly in front due to their superior head-to-head record. As such, tonight’s final round of Group H fixtures are set to prove absolutely crucial. LONDON, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 05: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea embraces Callum Hudson-Odoi during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Chelsea FC and AFC Ajax at Stamford Bridge on November 05, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) As per the aforementioned report from the Daily Mail, though, Chelsea could be handed a boost in their hopes of progression to the Champions League’s knockout rounds by their upcoming opponents. It is claimed that Lille boss Christophe Galtier is taking into serious consideration resting a host of his side’s key players at Stamford Bridge. This comes with Les Dogues sitting bottom of the Group H table, with just a solitary point on the board. In addition, Lille face a crunch Ligue 1 meeting with Montpellier in just 3 days time. ‘Sportsmail understands the quick turnaround and the fact they would not benefit from a win against Chelsea means they are likely to leave their big players out of Tuesday’s game.’ Chelsea vs Lille betting tips: UEFA Champions League match preview & predictions RB Salzburg vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Dinamo Zagreb vs Manchester City betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Bayern Munich vs Tottenham betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea vs Lille Chelsea are set to play their final Champions League group game of the 2019/20 season on Tuesday. While a number of clubs have already secured their spot in the CL last 16, Chelsea’s group is very much wide open. All of Ajax, Valencia and Chelsea are all… December 9, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea boss Frank Lampard was this evening involved in a rather bizarre exchange with a Dutch journalist, during his pre-Ajax press conference. Ajax vs Chelsea The Blues are set to travel to the Johan Cruijff ArenA in less than 24 hours’ time, for their latest Champions League outing. Chelsea will… October 22, 2019 In "Sports" Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"