Smith S.a.n – Balanced Diet + Ebonyi Anthem Born agwu Samuel nwadibia aka Smith S.a.n Who is a native of eziga in onitcha igboeze LGA Ebonyi state. Lives in lagos. Is a fast rising music star. Who recently got signed to JUBILATE MUSIC. A deal he described as the best record deal any musical artist can sign in Nigeria today. To a USA based Nigerian surgeon. Who picked interest in his music through his social media platform, after seeing his incredible talent on display in some video clips the artist posted. The music star promises his audience the best sound any artist can offer, while he described his style of music as HIPLIFE. He serves listeners with two songs at a time under JUBILATE MUSIC. BALANCE DIET is an up tempo which is sure to get you up on your feet. Delivered with catchy story line to get you hooked to the song while dancing.EBONYI ANTHEM on the other hand is chopped out with sweet melody delivered with his local dialet, specifically dedicated to his state "Ebonyi" to recognize their hard work and encourage them to do more in all sphere of life. DOWNLOAD AUDIO  The post Smith S.a.n – Balanced Diet + Ebonyi Anthem appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Born Agwu Samuel Nwadibia aka Smith S.a.n Who is a native of Eziga in Onitcha Igboeze LGA Ebonyi State lives in Lagos. He is a fast rising music star who recently got signed to JUBILATE MUSIC. A deal he described as the best record deal any musical artist can sign… December 20, 2019 In "Music/Video" The Nigerian music society has been cast into mourning following the death of Ras Kimono, whose music touched the lives of many. Ras Kimono passed away on Sunday afternoon, June 10 2018 and amidst tears and condolences, his songs made a return to major playlists as Nigerians remembered the man… June 11, 2018 In "News" by Wilfred Okiche   To watch the video of Wizkid’s epoch-making performance to a sold out, racially diverse audience at London’s 5,272 capacity Royal Albert Hall is to be proud of the twenty-seven-year-old. Long in the habit of making Nigerians proud – the Billboard number one, the bromance with Chris… October 8, 2017 In "News"