Takumi Minamino looks set for a potential Liverpool debut against Merseyside rivals Everton after having a medical on Wednesday. The Japanese winger has had a brilliant start to the season with Red Bull Salzburg. The 24-year-old has scored an impressive nine goals and assisted 11 across all competitions. Two of his goals came in the Champions League, with one of them being against Liverpool. Now, he looks set to complete a move to Merseyside. Reports first emerged after Liverpool’s last meeting with Red Bull Salzburg in their last Champions League group game. It was suggested Liverpool would sign Minamino for £7.25million when the window opens. Now, it looks as though a deal could be done imminently with a medical set for Wednesday. Our #CarabaoCup campaign ends at the quarter-finals. Plenty of valuable experience gained for many Reds. #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Liverpool #AVFC A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Dec 17, 2019 at 1:37pm PST //www.instagram.com/embed.js According to Paul Joyce, northern football correspondent for The Times, Minamino is set for his medical with Liverpool today. He also claims that barring no late hitches, Minamino should be a Liverpool player on January 1st. What makes that even more interesting is his potential debut. Liverpool face off against Everton in the Merseyside derby on January 5th, and could face a tough test if Carlo Ancelotti joins the Toffees. According to Joyce, Minamino could make his debut against Everton. That would no doubt be an incredible game to introduce yourself to the Liverpool fans, should he score. Takumi Minamino set to have a medical at Liverpool today. Barring no hitches, he would join from Red Bull Salzburg on January 1and his first game could be the FA Cup tie versus Everton on Jan 5. — paul joyce (@_pauljoyce) December 18, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Minamino isn’t the only player that’s being linked with a move away from Salzburg. Erling Braut Haaland also looks set to leave either in January or the summer transfer window. According to the latest reports, Manchester United are ‘optimistic’ over a deal. Click here to find out more. See also: Monterrey vs Liverpool betting tips: Club World Cup semi-final match preview & predictions Everton vs Leicester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Oxford United vs Manchester City betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Manchester United vs Colchester betting tips: Carabao Cup quarter-final preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Liverpool set to sign Salzburg striker Takumi Minamino Multiple reports on Thursday are claiming that Liverpool are set to sign Salzburg striker Takumi Minamino in January. Minamino has recently played against Liverpool in the Champions League. The 24-year-old Japanese forward scored for Salzburg at Anfield earlier this season. Minamino’s price… December 12, 2019 In "Sports" Is Minamino to Liverpool a done deal? Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has responded to rumours suggesting the club already have a deal in place to sign Red Bull Salzburg’s Takumi Minamino. The Reds have been heavily linked with Minamino this week. Following the clash with Red Bull Salzburg on Wednesday… December 13, 2019 In "Sports" An exciting night of Champions League football at Anfield Liverpool escaped embarrassment in their clash with Red Bull Salzburg, winning the game 4-3 to get their first Champions League win of the season. The Reds were one of the favourites for the trophy this season but they didn’t make the… October 2, 2019 In "Sports"