Anyas – Bounce Hot Sounds Records star artiste – Anyas, has just released his long awaited EP titled; One Guy, A Thousand Feelings. The EP which debuted on Sunday 1st December 2019 across all Digital Platforms comprises of his first hit single – Kpala which was released sometime in October. The EP also has song titles as Call Me, Bounce, Charger and I know.The six track EP promises an enjoyable listening experience as each song was carefully composed to deliver just that. Speaking on the inspiration behind the EP title, Anyas said he wanted to give his fans an insight into his thought process, experiences and feelings hence the title. He is one guy with a thousand feelings he will like to express through the selection of tracks on the EP. Still speaking on the EP compilation, Anyas stated that song titles such as I Know reminds him of his friendships and those people who have played a key role in enhancing his music career. Charger talks about the story of a lover who will give anything to fight for the love of his life while Bounce is a mood booster aimed at getting people to have a good time. In his words; “I draw my inspiration from people, places, things and happenings around me, hence you can call my inspiration a NOUN”.On his career expectation, Anyas says that this EP is just a tip of the iceberg of his pool of musical enjoyment to be released. All efforts are on deck to ensure that as many people as possible get to experience this new release.Speaking on the promotion of the new EP, Hot Sounds Management stated that this EP will enjoy massive promotion that includes National and International Radio & TV Promotion, Billboards, Bus Branding, Street Activations, Events and Tours. *Anyas promises you a December you will truly enjoy. One Guy, A Thousand Feelings out on all Platforms Worldwide* Download the lead single off the EP – BOUNCE below DOWNLOAD AUDIO The post Anyas – Bounce appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Joeboy has quickly risen from the singer of “Baby” to one of the most promising musical prospects in Africa. The song – released in March – has proven to have an impressive shelf life. With the follow-up track “Beginning,” Joeboy proved to have that pull to his songs. Popular American… November 14, 2019 In "Music/Video" Olakira – Wakanda Jollof EP | Summer Time (Lyrics Video) U&I Music’s newest sign-on Olakira releases his first body of work, the ‘Wakanda Jollof’ EP. Adefemi Ebenezer, known by his stage name, Olakira is an Afro-pop and RnB artist who produces, composes, writes, sings and plays a wide variety of… July 15, 2019 In "Music/Video" The EP contains six tracks, with singer Wizkid appearing as a guest on one. Tiwa Savage has released her forthcoming EP, “Sugarcane.”The Mavin singer has dropped her debut EP, since she signed up with the Don Jazzy-led record label.The EP contains six songs, with singer Wizkid appearing as a guest… September 22, 2017 In "News"