Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries. We save children’s lives. We fight for their rights. We help them fulfil their potential. Save the Children is working in Nigeria because one in five children in Nigeria dies before their fifth birthday. About 40% of children miss out on school and have to work to survive while nearly 2 million children have lost one or both parents to an AIDS-related disease. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Adolescent Health Adviser, YouLEAD Job ID: 19000531
Location: Lagos
Employee Status: Fixed Term
Team/Programme: YouLEAD
Reports to: Project Director, YouLEAD
Staff reporting to this post: TBD Child Safeguarding Role Purpose Key Areas of Accountability Additional job responsibilities Equal Opportunities: Child Safeguarding: Safeguarding our Staff: Health and Safety: Behaviours (Values in Practice)
Accountability: Ambition: Collaboration: Creativity: Integrity: Qualifications, Experience and Skills Application Closing Date
1st January, 2020. The post Adolescent Health Adviser, YouLEAD at Save the Children Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries. We save children’s lives. We fight for their rights. We help them fulfil their potential. Save the Children is working in Nigeria because one in five children in Nigeria dies before their fifth… December 18, 2019 In "Gists" Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… August 11, 2017 In "Jobs" Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries, including the United States. We aim to inspire breakthroughs in the way the world treats children, and to achieve immediate and lasting change in their lives by improving their health, education and… June 14, 2019 In "Jobs"