Amplify Digital Agency is changing the way brands communicate and engage with their target audience across digital platforms, not long ago, we were just a newbie digital agency, today, we have matured on several vital areas, and we’ve been repositioned for growth and success. We are a full-service digital marketing/technology agency, which means we are pretty much a jack-of-all-trades and master of none. WRONG! While we help our clients win through three core service offerings across Digital Marketing, Technology Development and Creative services we have a laser eye focus on specific industries and have well defined service offerings for each of our focus industries. Applications are invited for: Job Title: Digital Internship Program Location: Lagos

Description Growth Pathways Internship Requirements Application Closing Date
31st July, 2019. The post Amplify Digital Agency Digital Internship Program 2019 appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria Hewlett Packard (HP) is the largest technology solutions provider in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and worldwide. The company’s offerings span from IT infrastructure, personal computing and access devices to global services, imaging and printing. Our customers are virtually everybody: consumers, small and medium sized companies, large corporations as… July 18, 2019 In "Jobs" TechAdvance is a payment application development company with a strategic focus in developing and deploying niche payment companies to serve the needs of large public and private sector organisations in Nigeria.&nbsp;We are recruiting to fill the position below:Job Title: Digital Financial Services Product ManagerLocation:&nbsp;Victoria Island, LagosReporting Line: Chief Innovation OfficerJob… July 4, 2019 In "Jobs" Rally Trade is an international online brokerage company providing worldclass brokerage services. Our clients can trade and invest in Commodity, Currency and Stock Markets globally. In Nigeria Rally Trade is a leading brokerage company which pioneered superior technology and education for traders and investors.We are recruiting to fill the position… July 23, 2019 In "Jobs"