 Three months into the recapitalisation exercise of the insurance industry, the pendulum has turned towards a holistic reform of the sector. OYENIRAN APATA, CHRIS EBONG and OLUSEGUN KOIKI present what stakeholders think about the impending exercise.Excerpt: Three months into the insurance industry recapitalisation exercise announced by the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM), precisely on the 20th of May 2019, available reports and consultations have already tilted the exercise towards a complete reform, impending mergers and acquisitions (M&A). This is as the industry’s stakeholders and opinion leaders see the M&A as the safest landing option for most of the companies. 2019/2020 consolidation in the insurance industry is the first since its last exercise that ended on November 2007 in which 60 companies emerged from the106 that participated in the exercise. Also, the 2019/2020, a statutorily induced exercise just like the previous one may likely reduce the numbers of operators and will return the die-hard investors who do not want to let go their companies for merger or acquisition to the trenches, according to analysts. The circular with No NAICOM/DPR/CIR/25/2019 titled “Minimum paid-up share capital for insurance and reinsurance companies” the minimum paid-up share capital requirement of insurance and reinsurance companies in Nigeria are hereby reviewed in the sequence below; “In the new capital base, life insurance companies will now have a minimum paid-up capital of N8billion from its previous N2billion, General Insurance companies will now have to recapitalise to N10billion from N3billion, while Composite Insurance companies will now need N18billion to underwrite businesses from the previous N5billion minimum capital. “The new minimum capital base requirement also affected reinsurance companies who will now have to grow their minimum paid-up capital from N10billion to N20billion if they must remain in business. “The circular said that “the new minimum paid-up share capital requirements shall take effect from the commencement date of this circular for new applications while existing insurance and reinsurance companies shall be required to fully comply not later than June 30, 2020.” “In reviewing the paid-up capital, the Commission noted that “in 2005/7, the insurance industry witnessed its last recapitalisation, and despite the astronomical increase in the value of insured assets, consequent exposure to a higher level of insured liabilities and operating costs of insurers, the same capital continue to rule in the insurance industry.” However, the new capital base doesn’t apply to micro-insurance and Takaful insurance companies.” It was stated”. According to the regulator, the new minimum paid-up capital was necessary given the weak nature of most of the companies operating in the industry, adding that the situation has made it technically impossible for the duo to settle genuine claims as at when due. NAICOM, in addition said the exercise was meant to strengthen the companies to be able to play big and have a fair share of the market just like the top-tier competitors, adding that only a few companies are currently underwriting over 70 per cent of the businesses while the remaining 30 per cent is shared among 70 per cent of the operators. The need for fresh capital injection is not peculiar to Nigeria’s insurance market alone as other leading sectors in Nigeria as well as countries such as South Africa, Morocco, and Ghana has also taken a cue behind Nigeria’s recapitalisation initiative. Barely two months when the insurance industry in Nigeria announced its recapitalisation, had Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), the banking sector regulatory authority also raised the minimum capital base for banks. Mr Mohammed Kari, the Commissioner for Insurance at NAICOM while speaking on the need for overall reform of the insurance sector stressed the need to reform and digitises the country’s insurance industry to boost the economy. Kari, who said this at the National Insurance Industry Consultative Council’s 2019 National Conference in Abuja on July 1, 2019 noted that such development will help strengthen insurance institutions and acceptance of insurance in the country. “From the regulatory standpoint, the need to exploit the opportunities of digitisation and to tame the cumulative consequence of inflation is critical. “The devaluation of the naira heightens the necessity for the on-going reforms of the insurance industry such as the expansion of the insurance distribution channels, financial inclusion. “Others are corporate governance enforcement, market discipline, professionalism and the recapitalisation exercise aimed at strengthening insurance institutions. “Let me add that these reforms are in furtherance of President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration’s determination to revamp the economy as encapsulated in the Economic Recovery Growth Programme (ERGP). “This is in order to ensure that the insurance industry becomes a significant contributor to the economy of Nigeria,” he said. The CFI argued that:  “The insurance business model, which essentially entails evaluation and assumption of risk, accumulation of premiums and settlement of claims, has largely remained the same since the first policy was sold in London in 1861 The post Stakeholders Advocate Holistic Reform Of Insurance Sector’s Recapitalisation Source: Independent Abuja – Against the backdrop of several agitations following the National Insurance Commission’s (NAICOM) announcement of the new capital base for insurance operators in May, President Muhammadu Buhari has given a full backing to the exercise as he advised the operators to take advantage of the opportunities provided by it. The… July 4, 2019 In "News" Insurance stakeholders, comprising the Chartered Insurance Institute of Nigeria (CIIN), the Nigerian Council of Registered Insurance Brokers (NCRIB) and the Institute of Loss Adjusters of Nigeria (ILAN) have backed the insurance industry regulatory body over the ongoing recapitalisation exercise in this sector. The stakeholders, who applauded the move at the… July 2, 2019 In "News" For fear of losing their investment insurance shareholders are opposing the move by the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) to recapitalise the insurance industry, after the commission had issued a circular to all insurance and reinsurance firms in the country, mandating them to raise their capital base. Sir Sunny Nwosu, Chairman… July 13, 2019 In "News"