  In this regard, he assured that the strategic vision of Commander Hugo Chávez, working to give the same conditions to Venezuelans, is the key to have the country on its feet today, ‘if it weren’t for that we would be killing ourselves,’ stressed Cabello. He argued that the processes of Cuba and Venezuela, with their differences, have served to awaken popular consciousness. If the model were so bad, what would be the need to impose a blockade,’ asked the political leader. In that sense, he emphasized that the facts have demonstrated to the Latin American peoples that capitalism is not the way for the social and political growth of those who decide to walk with their own ideas of progress. When questioned about the process of rectifying errors within the Bolivarian Revolution, announced by President Nicolás Maduro at the beginning of this year, Cabello explained that the faults committed during these 20 years ‘have not demoralized the committed leadership. ‘We always make corrections that come from internal criticism. There are many things to do, for example, the productive issue, there is a debate on actions to expand productions. Venezuela has an extraordinary wealth in land, the worst thing about the country is having gotten used to living off the oil rent,’ explained Cabello. He also explained that the head of state has asked to be helped to study the mechanisms to revive Chavismo within Socialism, ‘how to build more houses, how to make the communes start to produce, how to be less dependent on imports. He added that if it were not for the economic, trade and financial sanctions promoted by the U.S. government and its allies, the South American nation would be able to deploy its revenues for the benefit of its citizens. At present we do not do anything with having money, because we do not have how to pay for medicines, we do not develop our health system as Cuba developed it, we have to rethink what to do, for example, with the pharmaceutical industry to circumvent Washington’s asphyxia,’ said Cabello. In this line, he stressed that the blockade of the White House about five years ago has an open incidence, however, ‘the sabotages to the sector of the hydrocarbon industry are not new. ‘Oil, gold, gas, coltan reserves and the recent discovery of thorium are the target of the greed of the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump,’ added the first vice president of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV). The political leader stressed that the failure of the U.S. authorities stems from the impossibility of sharing the national territory as they did during the Punto Fijo Pact, because ‘the Revolution came with an emancipatory political project and won the people. On the other hand, Cabello reported that in the face of the intense campaign of discredit and the economic war, Venezuelans have reason to despair after suffering media attacks, hatred, incitement to violence, xenophobia in the world against their fellow citizens. However, in the face of all these threats, we have been preparing, not for any war, but for a prolonged people’s war,’ stressed the PSUV representative. ‘The right wing has not understood it this way, they believe that the US Marines are arriving, they hide and that’s it. We are going to treat the internal enemies as traitors, and if to defend the Homeland we have to start with them, so it will be,’ he stressed. He argued that they are heading to the three million militiamen to strengthen the civil-military union, along with the Bolivarian National Armed Force, who enlist in joint exercises to strengthen operational readiness. Cabello stressed that the times of justice are some and the times of politics are others, and that with the acts of incessant failures, the internal opposition has facilitated the route to follow for the chavista victory. ‘They promised those who supported them that 80 percent of the military accompanied them, and it wasn’t like that, that the people were going to rise up and didn’t happen, that February 23rd was the supposed humanitarian aid, and that April 30th was the day of the final coup d’état, and it wasn’t,’ he summarized. The president of the Constituent Assembly concluded by assuring that the defeat of the right is a short way off, ‘because the United States allows them to arm the game, but not to be lied to and robbed, and the opposition has lied and robbed The post Thanks To Socialism In Venezuela There Is No War, Says Cabello  Source: Independent