 The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its presidential candidate in the 2019 general elections, Atiku Abubakar, on Friday, July 12, said their witnesses had been attacked by unknown gunmen. The party, which raised the alarm, said the witnesses were attacked on their way to the presidential election petition tribunal. “Information reaching us is to the effect that witnesses that were supposed to testify at the presidential election petition tribunal for the PDP today were attacked by unknown gunmen,” the PDP said. In a short statement, the party said Livy Uzoukwu, the lead counsel for the PDP and Atiku and Obi at the tribunal, informed the court that the witnesses were attacked on their way from their various destinations as they were coming to the court to testify against the fraud in the last February 23, 2019, elections. The party said as a result of this, the trial judge, Justice Mohammed Garba, adjourned hearing on the petition till Monday, July 15, 2019. The post Atiku, PDP raise alarm, say witnesses attacked on way to presidential election tribunal appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Information reaching us is to the effect that, witnesses that were supposed to testify at the Presidential Election Petition Tribunal for the PDP today were attacked by unknown gunmen BDr. Livy Uzoukwu, the lead counsel for the PDP and Atiku/Obi at the Tribunal informed the court that the witnesses were… July 12, 2019 In "News" Witnesses of Atiku Abubakar, 2019 presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have been reportedly attacked by unknown gunmen. This was disclosed in a post by the PDP on its verified Twitter page on Friday. According to the main opposition, the witnesses attacked were meant to testify at the… July 12, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" Witnesses of Atiku Abubakar, 2019 presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have been reportedly attacked by unknown gunmen. This was disclosed in a post by the PDP on its verified Twitter page on Friday. According to the main opposition, the witnesses attacked were meant to testify at the… July 12, 2019 In "News"