 Fast-rising Afropop act, Abiodun Aaron Olajide is musically known as Ronjayz was born on the 1st of January, and grew up in Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti State. His latest song “Wise Up” produced by the talented Syrus has all it takes to top your daily playlist. The History and International Studies graduate of Ekiti State University is a well-refined artiste with a lot of creativity in the bag. Also, anticipate the motivating visuals of Wise Upalready at post-production level, and to be released soon. Ronjayz is currently signed under Greenview Records. Listen & Download “Ronjayz – Wise Up” below:- https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Ronjayz-Wise-UP-Prod-By-Syrus.mp3 Ronjayz – Wise Up The post [Music] Ronjayz – Wise Up appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Fast-rising Afropop act, Abiodun Aaron Olajide is musically known as Ronjayz was born on the 1st of January, and grew up in Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti State. His latest song “Wise Up” produced by the talented Syrus has all it takes to top your daily playlist. The History and International Studies graduate of Ekiti State University… July 20, 2019 In "Music/Video" A 36 years old former News Agency of Nigeria’s correspondent, Ariyo Raphael Dare Atoye, has joined the Ekiti governorship race following the passage of the #NotTooYoungToRun bill by the Senate which has reduced the age bracket for people to contest governorship or presidential positions in Nigeria. Dare Atoye made his… July 30, 2017 In "News" Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State stormed the Ado Ekiti Eid praying ground on Friday, September 1 in full Islamic regalia – with a turban and a tesbih (rosary) to match – and joined thousands of Muslims to observe the Eid-el-Adha prayer. However, many prominent Muslim scholars, including Sheikh AbdurRahman… October 20, 2017 In "News"  Fast-rising Afropop act, Abiodun Aaron Olajide is musically known as Ronjayz was born on the 1st of January, and grew up in Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti State. His latest song “Wise Up” produced by the talented Syrus has all it takes to top your daily playlist. The History and International Studies graduate of Ekiti State University is a well-refined artiste with a lot of creativity in the bag. Also, anticipate the motivating visuals of Wise Upalready at post-production level, and to be released soon. Ronjayz is currently signed under Greenview Records. Listen & Download “Ronjayz – Wise Up” below:- https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/Ronjayz-Wise-UP-Prod-By-Syrus.mp3 Ronjayz – Wise Up The post [Music] Ronjayz – Wise Up appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv