 If you have managed to keep your head cool and managed to keep out of the fray, please tell us how you did it… Because over here I have been going through it. The different stories of Sexual Violence have been extremely triggering for me. For others, they have had to deal with the realization that some of their friends and family are rapists, rape apologists, rape victims, victims of sexual assault. Things have been tough, no jokes! However, one way I have been able to cope is through the escapism that TV and books bring. I am currently reading Haruki Murakami‘s book ‘Men without Women‘ (You should check it out if anthologies are your thing. Plus Murakami’s writing is flawless) Anyway, other than reading, I also have been taken solace in YouTube. I get my life from watching Abi’s channel on YouTube. I find her channels very entertaining and it helps me unwind. Abi has like 8908 channels, though…but awa fans are fine with it! You lot should stop going into her comments to complain. Watch if you will watch, if not… vamoose! Anyhoo…I was also watching Man of Her Dreams. Don’t ask me why I watched Man of Her Dreams, because that show is so bad! However, the producers released 10-minute episodes every day! It was like a drug injected into my system DAILY. Long story short: Man of Her Dreams was just not it. The protagonist’s life mission is to bag her neighbor, who miraculously landed from her dream and became her mother’s tenant.
I keep up with the shenanigans of the characters created by Dami Elebe in The Men’s Club (because I am invested in Mrs. Lawson, and I like to see older women represented on TV in a ‘not praying for my child to get married soon’ way.  And of course Tumini, because my girl knows what she wants and won’t let her Millionaire boyfriend take her for a mug. The other guys on the show can kick rocks.)
Anyway, so just as I was getting ready to really start getting into the swing of NdaniTV’s new show, Oga Pastor, I realized that they had taken it off. (Don’t bother trying to click the link, it’s not there.) As in, NdaniTV scrubbed the internet of any signs of the show. And they didn’t even issue a press release or anything. How very rude. Anyway, for those of you who have not been back on the NdaniTV channel since the end of Skinny Girl in Transit, I don’t blame you. At least you have been saved this distress. Okay, so Oga Pastor (as the name implies) is a very slow show about a Pastor, his wife, his side chic and his congregation. Honestly, the pacing could have been better. Much better! In the first episode (I can spoil it now, since NdaniTV drew first blood by taking the show down) the Pastor announces to the congregation that he has been sleeping with someone not his wife. Now, before you yawn and say yeah, we saw this in 1997 with Out of Bounds starring Richard Mofe-Damijo and Bimbo Akintola, Oga Pastor is slightly different. Or so I would have hoped… IF WE GOT A CHANCE TO SEE IT TO THE END! But now we won’t know. We won’t know if Jimmy Odukoya‘s character finally got a chance to spend more time with his wife (played by Ebenezer Eno) or at the very least, find a shirt where the sleeves fit. Okay, side note y’all, we really need to have a discussion about this. Why Pastor J shirt always be tight in all these movies? Don’t the stylists ever get his size right? Is it a personal preference? Why? But we will never find out on Oga Pastor… Because… *Say it after me* NdaniTV did not rate us enough to keep the show up. Now, let’s even say they don’t rate us the viewers, after all, we are not paying subscription fees. They’re making this content free on YouTube, so last last, it’s their perogative. So, why did they take it down? In the absence of a press release (which would have been the decent thing to do!) We know how they were begging them to get on their bandwagon some years ago with Gidi Up o, now they’re big now they’re doing anyhow. It is well! Anyway, we can only speculate on their reasoning for taking down the show:
1: Maybe they feel that one too many pastors are in the hot seat for sexual indiscretion, they don’t want to steal Pastor Deoye’s shine.
2: Maybe they feel that Christians are having a rough time right now and they don’t want to add to the negative perception.
3: Maybe someone at management level at NdaniTV or even GTBank, felt slighted at what might be perceived as a Biodun Fatoyinbo sub.
4: Maybe they didn’t pay the script writer for the show and they are being threatened with a law suit
5: Maybe, you know what? I’m tired. NdaniTV, just bring back Oga Pastor. As your fans and subscribers, we are not asking for too much. At the very least, let us finish watching it and then you can take it down the way AccelerateTV took down that attrocious Indigo from four years ago. We’re yet to recover from that show, but at least they gave us some closure… For whatever it was worth. *** Anyway, while you’re here, I’d like to implore you to support organizations working with victims/survivors of sexual assault and sexual violence. Mirabel Center Stand To End Rape Women at Risk International Foundation CeCe Yara Foundation Lagos State Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Team Also, here’s a list of sexual assault referral centers across Nigeria, download it, save it, share it. It may come in handy to save a life.  The post Dear NdaniTV, We Want Our Oga Pastor Back Or At Least An Explanation appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija