 Davido has bought his long time partner and trusted producer, Shizzi, an expensive luxury diamond chain. Shizzi who is behind Davido’s latest single, “Blow My Mind” featuring American pop superstar; Chris Brown which has been trending heavily on the internet and making a major wave amongst music fans made the announcement on Instagram. The producer who is popularly called “Magic Finger” made a video appreciating Davido as well as thank him for the gift which has been reported to be worth the sum of 13 million naira. The reason for the gift is yet unknown to ‘outsiders’ but it has been reported by many that it is as a result of the amazing production he did on “Blow My Mind” which is being applauded across the globe. See post below: Man Of The Moment/Superstar Producer @iamshizzi Was Gifted An Iced Out Cuban links By The Baddest ??? #NewChainAlert ?? #BMM ??? A post shared by  DAVIDO GLOBAL DAILY UPDATES (@davidoglobalnews) on Jul 27, 2019 at 2:48pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Davido Buys 13 Million Luxury Diamond Neck-Piece For Producer; Shizzi appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Davido teased us with this collaboration for months before it finally got released at mid-night and all i can say after listening to it over and over again is it truly is mind-blowing. Knowing fully well that it is just a few artistes in pop music that can match Chris… July 26, 2019 In "Music/Video" One of Nigeria’s finest music exports and DMW boss, Davido has finally released his highly anticipated international collaboration titled “Blow My Mind” featuring American singer, Chris Brown. The song was produced by top Nigerian record producer, Shizzi. Following the successful release, Davido has announced a release party for the single… July 25, 2019 In "Music/Video" Davido X Chris Brown – Blow My Mind Overview of Davido X Chris Brown – Blow My Mind Davido Music Worldwide frontier – Davido, comes through with his highly anticipated single tagged “Blow My Mind“. Finally, Davido delivers his highly awaited single which features American music industry heavyweight, Chris Brown.… July 25, 2019 In "Music/Video"