 It was a Sunday night and Washington’s large Capital One Arena was packed. But it wasn’t packed for basketball or a music concert; it was 20,000 people who came to listen to Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan. It was at this moment when on a cultural level, decades of mistrust and bad blood between Pakistan and the United States (US) evaporated. Prior to the formation of Imran’s government, Pakistan’s prime ministers were the kind of people who could only fill large public squares at home by mobilising a network of bribery and patronage. Such politicians could not attract any great attention abroad or in places where the system of feudal political patronage does not exist. But the people who came to listen to Imran were not paid or coaxed; many in fact came from all over the US at their own cost in order to see Imran in the flesh. When he took to the stage, flanked by both a Pakistan and American flag, it was as though a new era was born – one which carried with it the spirit of the 1980s, which was the last time that Pakistan and the US cooperated on an equal footing against a clearly defined and easily recognisable common enemy. What’s more is that when speaking of a desire to create opportunities for Pakistanis to advance their worldly condition on a level playing field, he was speaking the language of political optimism that once defined American politics. But whilst American politics grows ever more cynical, Imran assured his audience of 20,000 that a forward looking ‘Naya Pakistan’ is being built for them and for their children. Although most of the audience were Pakistani-Americans, there were surely a good number of Americans in the arena present with no connection to Pakistan. This of course includes those working at the large facility. They too would have seen and heard Imran and they would have realised that the man before them was speaking American insofar as celebrity is a major element of the broader American culture. More importantly, Donald Trump, who shortly awaits his meeting with Imran, would have seen the footage. Above all else, Trump likes someone who looks and acts like a success. As someone who himself packs arenas for frequent political rallies, Trump will likewise recognise in Imran someone who is a formidable figure with a global appeal. The post Pakistan’s Imran Khan Wins America Source: Independent An International Monetary Fund team arrived in Islamabad Wednesday for talks on a possible IMF bailout, even as Pakistan insisted it had solved its immediate balance of payments crisis. Speaking shortly after Prime Minister Imran Khan returned from Beijing, Pakistan’s finance minister said Tuesday that assurances from China — combined… November 8, 2018 In "News" [FILE]Leader of ruling Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party and president candidate Arif Alvi (C) arrives before the president election at the National Assembly in Islamabad on September 4, 2018.Pakistan began voting for a new president on September 4, with a close ally of Prime Minister Imran Khan seen as the favourite… September 9, 2018 In "News" Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan made a sweeping cabinet reshuffle on Thursday and named Abdul Hafeez Sheikh as the new finance minister to replace Asad Umar, who stepped down earlier in the day, according to In.reuters.com reports. Khan made 10 ministerial appointments, including Sheikh who has already served as finance… April 19, 2019 In "News"