 At least 25 people have died in clashes between Ethiopian security forces and activists in southern Ethiopia, hospital officials have told the BBC. The officials said security forces fired bullets during the protests across the Sidama region. Activists from the Sidama ethnic group were set to declare their own federal state on Thursday. They accused the government of failing to hold a promised referendum on the issue. The Sidama are Ethiopia’s fifth biggest ethnic group, making up 4% of the population. The four bigger communities all have their own regions within Ethiopia’s ethnically based federal system. Reports from activists and opposition groups cite a higher death toll with fatalities as high as 60, but the local acting security head Andinet Ashenafi warns against what he called exaggerated numbers, reports the BBC’s Kalkidan Yibeltal from Addis Ababa. Mr Andinet confirmed to the BBC that four people were killed in the city of Hawassa and 26 others sustained wounds.
Members of other ethnic groups were also killed after being attacked by angry mobs. Local media reported that protesters attacked a tourist lodge, leading to 12 tourists being escorted out by troops. The internet has been blocked in parts of the south of the country since Thursday, including the main city of Hawassa. The post Dozens Killed In Ethiopia Referendum Clashes  Source: Independent Four Ethiopian officials were killed, including Ethiopia’s army chief of staff, in a failed coup attempt at two locations, Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed confirmed Sunday. On Saturday night in Addis Ababa, the African country’s capital, Seare Mekonnen and retired Major General Gezai Abera were killed at the chief of staff’s… June 24, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Ethiopia army chief shot dead in attack The chief of staff of the Ethiopian army, Gen Seare Mekonnen, has been shot dead in the capital, Addis Ababa, state media confirmed. He and another officer died trying to prevent a coup attempt against the administration in Ethiopia’s northern Amhara… June 23, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Ethiopia pays tribute to slain military chief Ethiopia held a memorial on Tuesday for the army chief of staff slain with four other senior officials in weekend attacks that posed the biggest threat yet to the prime minister’s reforms. Abiy Ahmed, who survived a grenade attack at a… June 25, 2019 In "News"