 Man Utd are pushing to sign Wissam Ben Yedder. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has already secured deals to sign winger Daniel James from Swansea while defender Aaron Wan-Bissaka completed his move from Crystal Palace over the weekend but the United boss is expected to make a number of further changes to his squad before the start of the new season. A new striker could be on the agenda as Romelu Lukaku is being strongly linked with a move to Inter Milan after hinting earlier in the summer he wants a new challenge and Ben Yedder has emerged as a potential replacement. Reports last week claimed United had identified the French international hitman as a prime transfer target and are prepared to meet his £35m release clause in order to take him to Old Trafford this summer. The Express are now citing La Colina de Nervion as reporting that Man Utd have agreed personal terms with Ben Yedder and are in pole position to sign the striker ahead of the likes of PSG and Barcelona – who’ve also been linked in recent weeks. The Spanish publication claims the 28-year-old striker is keen to move to the Premier League and they suggest United may even push through a £35m deal even if Lukaku ends up staying at the club. We’ll have to wait and see how things progress over the coming days but Ben Yedder would be an exciting signing for Man Utd as he’s developed into one of the most productive attackers in Spanish football in recent years. The Frenchman provided 30 goals and 11 assists in his 54 appearances in all competitions last season so he’d certainly add a much needed goal threat to the United attack if he does move to Old Trafford. The post Man Utd Agree Personal Terms With £35m Star As Solskjaer Eyes 3rd Summer Signing Source: Independent Manchester United are reportedly keen on bringing Sevilla and France forward Wissam Ben Yedder to Old Trafford this summer. The 28-year-old netted 30 goals and provided 11 assists in 54 matches last season. And now Ben Yedder has attracted interest from United with the Premier League outfit willing to trigger his £35.9million release… June 26, 2019 In "News" Manchester United are meeting with Bruno Fernandes’ agent in London on Wednesday to try and secure his £70million signing. The Portugal international, 24, is in high on United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s transfer shortlist after an incredible season for club and country ended with Nations League success according to talksport.com.… June 26, 2019 In "News" After sending the Red Devils crashing out of the Champions League, the Sevilla striker has been called upon by Didier Deschamps for the first time Ben Yedder earns maiden France selection after stunning Pogba and Man Utd March 15, 2018 In "Sports"