  What do you do when life throws lemons at you? Some people say, “Make lemonades.” I say, make lemonades if you can, but a lemon meringue pie won’t be bad either. Or you eat ‘em lemons sour and post a thank-you note to life. There is a last option: duck behind a chair or something, so the lemons don’t hit you. I admire those who can easily squeeze out lemonades, those whose baking skills are second to none, those who can eat “sour” and not “squeeze” their faces. But I understand those who can neither make homemade juice, nor bake a pie, nor comfortably chew something bitter. I identify with those who have fragile skulls and can’t stand lemons being thrown at them. I understand those who need cooking books because they can’t handle a lemon, don’t know what to make out of it. “I’ve been through worse and I didn’t die.” “People go through stuff everyday, are you the only one?” True. You are strong enough to withstand the hits and the heat. However, people are wired differently. So pardon me when I look down and fidget when you would have “laughed in the face of danger,” as Simba said to Nala in The Lion King. Excuse my weakness if it irritates you so. Excuse my clumsiness when I fall and you think it’s just a poor attempt at seeking attention. Pardon me if I can’t handle plunging grades, if I’m a disappointment because I can’t endure an abusive partner. Indulge me when I cry from a broken heart and stay in bed because I hurt. Nonetheless, I would be glad if you could teach me how to bake a pie, or make lemonades, or take the bitter lemon and not break down, because I know I can’t stop life from doing what it has to do. Be patient with me, and understand that I might get tired of the lemons because I am not as strong as you are. And if I do, I will take some time off. I might throw in the towel and just walk away. I will do anything to remain sane, even if they are not things you would consider acts of strength. Love,
Laura. The post Laura Nnamdi: Lemon Letters appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija