Tribune Online
Nigeria sues South African Police over assault on BBNaija housemate The chairman of the Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission, Mrs Abike Dabiri-Erewa has said the South African Police is being sued over the assault on a Nigerian resident in the country. It would be recalled that ex-Big Brother Africa housemate and Nigerian model, Tayo Faniran, was assaulted and strangled by South African police on Friday. He was going in his car when the police stopped him and assaulted him without any evidence against him. He captured the incident live on camera for the whole world to see what happened and later explained in another separate video how he was thoroughly tortured by the police. According to an Instagram live video shared online, Faniran was arrested and brutally tortured after he refused to enter an unmarked police vehicle. ALSO READ: CBN says Milk importation is not banned Dabiri-Erewa, however, got hold of the news and gave a report about the release of Faniran and said she was going to ensure justice was served in this matter. She said that the South African Police has been sued and that a case is being pressed against them for their brutality. Nice one… https://t.co/TcYDjuHBhN — Osinakachi Nyamekye (@ckelvin0911) July 27, 2019 Watch the video of the police brutality and that of Mr Faniran’s appreciation to those that came to his rescue. #Xenophobia: Former #BBNaija housemate Tayo Faniran choked by South African police officers. pic.twitter.com/1pHoxvFNHd — #BBNaija Laila Ijeoma (@LailaIjeoma) July 25, 2019 Nigeria sues South African Police over assault on BBNaija housemate
Tribune Online Source: Tribune Following a sad encounter with policemen in South Africa, Ex-big brother Africa contestant, Tayo has regained his freedom. Tayo Faniran, a former Big Brother Africa housemate and model, has spoken after being assaulted and strangled by police officers in South Africa while driving to a meeting for a discussion about… July 26, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" Tayo Faniran was assaulted and strangled by South African police officers yesterday morning, the July 25th , while driving to a meeting for a discussion about his brand.  The assault incident was captured in an Instagram Live video, and it ensued from his refusal to ride in the police car… July 26, 2019 In "Wedding Digest" Ex-Big Brother Africa housemate and model, Tayo Faniran, was on Thursday, assaulted and strangled by South African police officers while driving to a meeting for a discussion about his brand. DAILYPOST had reported that a Nigerian teenager was killed in South Africa. The officers stopped his car, and ordered he… July 26, 2019 In "News"