Tribune Online
Educationist urges youths to always say no to substance abuse Mrs Olajumoke Akere, an educationist has stressed the need to provide useful information to youths on substance abuse so that they would be able to say no to drug abuse. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Akere disclosed this in an interview in Ibadan on Wednesday while speaking on ways to reduce drug abuse in Nigeria. According to him, there is need to give useful information to youths on substance abuse so as to reduce social vices in the society. “Based on recent happenings we need to do more to reduce the cases of suicide, which is on the increase due to substance abuse. ALSO READ: Emir, beneficiaries commend Nasarawa state govt over free medical outreach “Government needs to further restrict certain drugs especially the ones we know are harmful to young people. “We need counselling centres; we need to encourage and ensure that schools have counsellors as well as educate young people from time to time. “Young people need to be assertive to be able to say no to peer pressure when being called upon for negative activities; there is the need for them to choose their friends wisely,” she said. Akere, who is also the Director JSAY Pre-varsity, enjoined parents to monitor their wards especially during the vacation and also ensure the right information is given to them. Also speaking on drug abuse, Mr Tobi Akosile, an NDLEA officer, said one major challenge facing the global community is the issue of drugs. “Some Nigerian youths have lost their lives or have been permanently incapacitated in one form or the other from myriads of complications of substance and drug addiction. “Hundreds of these active productive categories of the population have had a severe brain and central nervous system disorders resulting from the irresponsible, criminal or imprudent abuse of illicit drugs and psychotropic substances. “Investment in treatment programme and education of young people can yield significant returns such as reduced drug-related crimes and improved health outcomes. “Effective response to the world drug problem requires inclusive and accountable institutions of criminal justice, health and social services to work hand in hand to provide integrated solutions in line with international drug control conventions, human rights obligations and the sustainable development goals,” Akosile said. Educationist urges youths to always say no to substance abuse
Tribune Online Source: Tribune In the past few days, the discussions around the deadly effects of alcohol, narcotics, drug use and abuse have been at fever pitch, due to the death of promising youths especially in the Nigerian entertainment scene. Most recent of such fatal occurrence is the death of Tagbo, who passed away… October 13, 2017 In "News" Tribune Online NGO decries blood tonic abuse among youths VANGUARD against Drug Abuse (VGADA), a Non-Governmental Organisation (NGO), has expressed worry over the abuse of a popular blood tonic by youths, saying it is a dangerous development. President of the group, Dr Hope Abraham, told News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… July 23, 2019 In "News" Pharm. Ahmed Yakasai, Immediate Past President of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN, was the keynote Speaker during the 38th Annual National Scientific Conference of the Association of Community Pharmacists in Nigeria tagged ACPN Kano 2019. He spoke with CHIOMA UMEHA at the sideline of the conference on the Menace… July 23, 2019 In "News"