Timi Dakolo has spoken up about claims that he used to be a COZA member, that he married Busola as a music director there and had his kids in the same Church. These were stories that people who were trying to discredit Busola’s stories had come up with. Timi had stayed quiet about these claims for a while now. However, following the tell-all interview by a former COZA staff released today, he has decided to address the rumours and he came with receipts.  He added a video of him and his wife during their white wedding that clearly showed that the pastor who was joining them was not Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo. He also added a social media post by his pastor saying that he was the one that had officiated their wedding. Timi went as far as saying “I guess that also answers the desperate attempt to say I was a music director in COZA. Funny as I have never been a music director in ANY church! A church can’t have an anonymous music director can they?” He also addressed the idea that he and Busola had their first 2 kids out of wedlock by adding “Apparently I had a child, divorced and remarried Busola – Spirit wife and child tings”. He cleared the air about Busola receiving any monetary gifts or gifts of any kind. He said that they are ready and no matter the amount of cyber-bullying, ridiculing and doubting, they will not be backing down. Earlier today, he also said that they were not staging an attack against the church but against individuals using the church as an avenue to ruin women. Clearly, this story is not ready to die down anytime soon. The Dakolo’s are ready to fight a long battle with Biodun Fatoyinbo. Your opinion on this matter is very important, let your voice be heard, tell us what you think in the comment section below. The post Timi Dakolo Says He Was Never A COZA Member appeared first on Nigerian Entertainment Today. Source: The Net Timi Dakolo has released a statement on his Instagram page to emphatically deny the news that he was music director at COZA and also that his marriage vow to Busola was done by Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo. Timi who appears to be getting backlash from a group of people who feel… July 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" Rumours have made the round that Timi Dakolo and his wife got married in Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), where Timi was allegedly choir leader. The singer and songwriter has boldly refuted this claims saying; Desperate people do desperate things including ridiculous attempts at a smear campaign. So let me… July 4, 2019 In "Gists" Timi Dakolo has finally debunked claims of Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo officiating his wedding to Busola, and also being a choir director at COZA. This came after he supported a former COZA staff who accused Pastor Fatoyinbo of allegedly raping her, and offering monetary settlement for her to remain silent. Timi… July 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"