 Manchester United’s wantaway star Paul Pogba is expected to return to their Carrington training base this week before Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad jet off for their pre-season tour. The Frenchman, who has made clear his desire to leave Old Trafford this summer, was a notable absentee as the Red Devils first-team returned for pre-season duty on Monday according to mirror.co.uk. Pogba has been heavily linked with a move away from United with Real Madrid and Juventus said to be keen on signing the World Cup winner. He was in America over the weekend, sharing footage of him training privately with a coach in the gym, then at the New York Red Bull stadium. The midfield maestro is the only available United player yet to report for training after goalkeepers David de Gea and Dean Henderson, both of whom were allowed an extended break due to their international commitments this summer, checked in on Thursday. The Manchester Evening News has reported that Pogba is expected to return to the club’s base ahead of the pre-season tour, which sees the team travel to Perth this Sunday. Pogba, who returned to Old Trafford in an £89million move in 2016, has cast doubt over his future at United after revealing he is considering “a new challenge”. Both Juventus and Real Madrid have been linked with moves for the 26-year-old, who is thought to favour a move to a Bernabeu after admitting it would be “dream” to play for compatriot Zinedine Zidane.  However, the Red Devils are reluctant to let their record signing leave this summer and have put a £150m price tag on the France international.  Although Zidane is thought to want to add Pogba to his Madrid squad, Los Blancos are allegedly reluctant to pay more than £90m for his services after a summer spree that has already seen the La Liga outfit spend around £250m. It remains to be seen whether Pogba will remain at United for the beginning of the new season, but fans can expect him to play some part in their pre-season action. The post Paul Pogba Expected Back For Man Utd Training This Week Ahead Of Pre-Season Tour  Source: Independent