 Mauricio Pochettino now just has over a week to add to his Spurs squad before the transfer window slams shuts until January. As was the case 12 months ago prior to the 2018/19 campaign, the transfer deadline will once again be ahead of the new season rather than at the end of August. The manager has already brought Tanguy Ndombele and Jack Clarke to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium so far this summer and he will be hoping to bring in a couple more additions as he aims to get his team competing for major honours once again. Juventus ace Paulo Dybala has been linked with a stunning move to the club over the past week, with Ryan Sessegnon and Giovani Lo Celso tipped to join Spurs before the opening match against Aston Villa. Reports over the weekend have also suggested that the club could make a move for Ajax ace David Neres as they look to bolster their attacking options. We take a look at what Pochettino now needs to do in the coming days after so far getting two players in through the door. The Dane announced on international duty in June that he would like a new challenge away from Spurs, although he did mention the possibility of signing a new contract if he couldn’t take the next step up from the Lilywhites. The midfielder looked destined to join Real Madrid only for Zinedine Zidane to instead switch his attention to a deal for Manchester United’s Paul Pogba. Christian Eriksen walks around the pitch
Eriksen has really impressed during his time in north London but Pochettino and the club need to put the situation to bed sooner rather than later given his contract expires in 2020. That either means the midfielder is sold if the club receive a suitable bid or he is offered a new deal to remain in north London. Eriksen’s valuation will only decrease if the situation remains the same beyond the transfer deadline. Tottenham exercised an option in the player’s contract at the turn of the year to extend his stay at the club by a further year, thus activating a clause in his contract that would allow him to move on for £25million before the final two weeks of the transfer window. However, that clause no longer exists as not a single club activated it despite the fact they could sign a world-class defender for such a low fee. The player’s future is still up in the air due to his contract situation and, just like Eriksen, it needs sorting out. There is still a chance Alderweireld could exit before the transfer deadline, yet you would have to say the chances of that happening now are extremely slim given Daniel Levy can now ask for whatever fee he wants as the clause has expired. The 30-year-old was outstanding for Spurs last campaign and a new contract may be a possibility or the club face losing him for nothing come next summer. Make Lo Celso decision
Spurs fans are still waiting for the club to strike a deal for Lo Celso this summer. The Real Betis man has been tipped to swap La Liga for the Premier League but there is still no agreement in sight. What makes the deal a bit more complicated now is Eriksen’s future. Looking a certainty to head for the exit door in June, the Dane could be set to remain in the capital with no clubs yet to make a move for him. That may mean Spurs decide against moving for Lo Celso over the coming days and instead invest the money elsewhere. A decision needs to be made sooner rather than later and supporters will be hoping the Argentine is playing his football in north London from next month. Sell players
As well as bringing players to the club before the transfer deadline, Pochettino will also be aiming to move on a few of his squad over the coming days. Vincent Janssen, who seemed destined to leave the Lilywhites 12 months ago after a torrid time in the capital, finally departed for Mexico last week and a few more may join him. Georges-Kevin Nkoudou is one player that doesn’t have a future at the club and needs to be sold providing someone comes in for him. Mauricio Pochettino and Danny Rose
Danny Rose could also follow him out of the door in the next week or so with a transfer looking likely following his omission from the squad for the pre-season tour of the Far East. Josh Onomah and Cameron Carter-Vickers may also be on their way given their respective loan spells over the past two campaigns, while Pochettino could spring a surprise by cashing in on a first team player. Bring in a forward
Janssen’s move to Mexico and the question marks over Fernando Llorente’s future means Spurs are very light upfront as things stands. Son Heung-min and Lucas Moura will provide competition for Harry Kane once again over the course of the campaign, with Troy Parrott another option for the boss given his brilliant form for the club’s youngsters in the 2018/19 season and his performances on the tour of the Far East. Dybala has been linked with a stunning move to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium over the past few days and the fact Spurs have held discussions with Juventus over the player means the manager wants to strengthen his options in attack. There is still a possibility Llorente could remain at Spurs this season but, at present, we are still waiting to find out where exactly he’ll be playing his football from August onwards. Fernando Llorente and Frenkie de Jong
The Spaniard was key for the team in Kane’s absence at the start of the year and the Lilywhites really cannot afford to not bring in a backup frontman before the deadline. As good as Son and Lucas have done for Spurs through the middle, the veteran striker offers something completely different and the team do need another options given it’s a long season and they will be competing in four competitions. Decide on a right-back
It doesn’t appear that the manager will bring in a new right-back before the deadline despite Kieran Trippier’s move to Atletico Madrid. The England international struggled to hit top form last campaign and Serge Aurier couldn’t make the position his own due to his injury problems, while Kyle Walker-Peters was limited to just 10 appearances in all competitions. Juan Foyth moved across from his usual position at centre-back a couple of times at the end of last campaign and he’s another option for the manager this term. The youngster caught the eye for Argentina in the recent Copa America and many believe he will be Spurs’ right-back throughout the 2019/20 season. Foyth’s suspension and the injury Aurier picked up at the Africa Cup of Nations means that Walker-Peters is likely to get his customary appearance on the opening day against Aston Villa, but there will no doubt be a bit of movement in that position from August onwards. It’s an area the manager needs to make a decision over as he won’t want to be chopping and changing throughout the season. The post 6 Things On Pochettino’s To-do list Ahead Of Transfer Deadline  Source: Independent