A defense lawyer in Pakistan says a former finance minister has been granted a week’s bail in a corruption case involving natural gas imports. The development will delay the expected detention of ex-minister Miftah Ismail who is sought by the National Accountability Bureau according to dailymail.co.uk. Nihal Hashmi says the High Court in Sindh province granted Ismail bail on Friday. Meanwhile, a court in Islamabad gave the bureau 13 days to investigate former Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi who was arrested on Thursday in the same case involving Ismail. That court also dismissed the bureau’s motion against Maryam Nawaz, daughter of former Premier Nawaz Sharif, which claimed she had submitted fake documents in the investigation against her father. Sharif was removed from office in 2017 and is serving a seven-year term for corruption. The post Pakistan’s Ex-Finance Minister Gets Bail In Corruption Case appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent A damning judicial report into the family wealth of Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif threatens not just his premiership, but also imperiled the political career of his daughter and heir apparent. Maryam Sharif, 43, has in recent years gained greater influence within Sharif’s inner circle, and is credited with steering… July 13, 2017 In "News" A damning judicial report into the family wealth of Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif threatens not just his premiership, but also imperiled the political career of his daughter and heir apparent. Maryam Sharif, 43, has in recent years gained greater influence within Sharif’s inner circle, and is credited with steering… July 13, 2017 In "News" Pakistan's ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif appeared in court on Friday, a day after returning from overseas to face corruption allegations that saw him ejected from office and targeted with an arrest warrant. Pakistan&apos;s ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif appeared in court on Friday, a day after returning from overseas… November 3, 2017 In "News"