 It appears ex-BBNaija housemate, Angel, is shooting for the stars. The former reality TV star who recently tied the knot with his Canadian lover has released his official poster and announced that he is gunning for the governorship seat in Bayelsa state. The ambitious young man took to his Instagram to announce his candidacy and share his official poster which his fans have welcomed with opens arms. Many have praised him for being ambitious and wished him well on his journey to making a difference in the country. One can recall that Angel back in the Double Wahala house, presented himself as a guy with prospects and goal getter. It comes as no surprise that he is shooting for the stars and hoping to actually lead his home state to the promised land. Angel is yet to state under what party he would be running but the ex-BBN housemate has adopted the slogan: “Let there be light” The post Ex-BBN housemate Angel joins the Governorship race in Bayelsa appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Sen. Heineken Lokpobiri, immediate past Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, has declared his intention to contest for the November 16 Governorship election in Bayelsa on  the platform of All Progressives Congress (APC). Lokpobiri made his intention known on Saturday after consultation with the state leadership of the… July 6, 2019 In "News" Ex-Big Brother Naija housemate and actor, Offiong Anthony popularly known as Thin Tall Tony has addressed claims making the rounds that he is gay. There were reports making rounds of the Ex-BBN housemate being gay after a picture of him surfaced on a gay dating site. But, reacting the father-of-three… November 7, 2018 In "News" Chief Benson Agadaga, an associate and kinsman of ex-President Goodluck Jonathan has declared interest to contest the Bayelsa governorship election slated for Nov. 16. Agadaga, National Chairman, Ogbia Brotherhood Worldwide, a socio-cultural group, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday in Yenagoa, that he would bring development to… June 17, 2019 In "News"