 Nigeria-Europe and US based Roc World Empire music label has just signed a record deal with Nigerian Afro-pop artist Shizzo. With its international recognition, it has given the artiste the platform to showcase himself on the Nigerian and international scale through various industry events and collaborations. Roc World Empire Nigeria has signed a full record deal with Shizzo. Using pop culture and the street landscape as an inspiration for his electrifying music, Shizzo is breaking into the scene with an urgency that has already taken his audience’s attention. Ogunshina Oluwaseyi Rotimi, artistic name Shizzo aka. “Big daddy” is a singer, songwriter, hails from Ogun state and his style of music is afro pop, afro beat and RnB Genre. When asked why his vibes is different- “Shizzo says his sound is geared at giving a non-conforming voice in the society amongst people who stand out from the crowd in their uniqueness”. Shizzo’s belief is that his music will affect these lives through his entertaining and inspiring melody. As an art director who has developed a couple of brand identities since his days in Federal University of Technology Akure – (FUTA), music has always been a part of him as he won the award of the best artist in his school days.    Been signed under Roc World Empire as an artist feels like I have joined a global brand that will take my talents to the global community, it’s a brand we all want to be part of. Shizzo says “I came to my decision to sign with Roc World Empire after watching them evolve as a global brand which is a perfect fit. I feel more confident moving forward as an artist and I believe this opportunity will open new roads for me personally, creatively and professionally”. Roc World will nationally release Shizzo’s forthcoming project on the 3rd of August. Watch video below   Social Media Handle IG – @rocworldempire sprl
Facebook – RocWorld Empire sprl.
IG & Twitter- @its_shizzo
Facebook- Shizzo Subscribe and watch the full coverage below The post “Shizzo” aka Big Daddy Signs To Roc World Empire appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv