Procter and Gamble&nbsp;is one of the largest FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) company in the world with strong brands like Pampers, Ariel, Always, Gillette and Oral B just to name a few. We have been in existence for over 179 years globally and 24 years in Nigeria.Job Title: Logistics Purchases ManagerReq No: IME00000658&nbsp;Location:&nbsp;LagosJob type: Full-time&nbsp;Role and ResponsibilitiesAre you ready to put your years of experience to strategically partner with external partners and build relationships?At Procter &amp; Gamble, as a Purchasing Manager, you are a lifeline to the world of external partners and agencies, translating the needs of our business in a way that enables, encourages, and invites our supply base to partner with us in providing products and services of superior quality and value that improve the lives of the world's consumers.Your goal at the end of the day is to link the most appropriate supplier capabilities with needs to deliver the best business return.As a professional buyer, your everyday work will consist of using a vast array of technical, analytical, and commercial skills. The job responsibility includes leading transport and warehousing for P&amp;G in Nigeria and Ghana with responsibilities including:Sourcing and identification of reliable suppliers providing services including trucks, warehouses and clearing servicesNegotiations and business allocation for services within the Logistics and warehousing areaCommercial agreements drafting, review, negotiations and singing.Connect externally and internally to identify interventions that will further improve efficiency and effectiveness of the transportation area Apply at https://ngcareers.com/job/2019-07/logistics-purchases-manager-at-procter-and-gamble-744/ Source: NG Career Procter and Gamble is one of the largest FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) company in the world with strong brands like Pampers, Ariel, Always, Gillette and Oral B just to name a few. We have been in existence for over 179 years globally and 24 years in Nigeria. We are… July 26, 2019 In "Jobs" Procter and Gamble is one of the largest FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) company in the world with strong brands like Pampers, Ariel, Always, Gillette and Oral B just to name a few. We have been in existence for over 179 years globally and 24 years in Nigeria. We are… June 10, 2019 In "Jobs" Procter and Gamble is one of the largest FMCG (Fast Moving Consumer Goods) company in the world with strong brands like Pampers, Ariel, Always, Gillette and Oral B just to name a few. We have been in existence for over 179 years globally and 24 years in Nigeria. Graduate Sales… October 2, 2018 In "Jobs"