 On Saturday, Timi Dakolo shared a photo on Instagram, of a white bus in front of his house saying the occupants were armed. Shortly after, human rights activist and convener of #EndSARS, Segun Awosanya (@segalink), in a series of tweets, said officers of the Rapid Response Squad were on their way to the singer’s house, adding that the bus is a government registered vehicle belonging to the IGP – Special Tactical Squad. He later shared an update that everything’s is fine. Until Timi Dakolo released two letters from the Inspector General of Police’s office, addressed to him and his wife Busola Dakolo, inviting them for questioning over “a case of Criminal Conspiracy, Falsehood, Mischief, and Threat to life.”   #TimiDakolo and wife #BusolaDakolo get invitation from police. The police letter says the Force is investigating "a case of Criminal Conspiracy, Falsehood, Mischief, and Threat to life" . Busola had filed a police report accusing Pastor #BiodunFatoyinbo of #COZA of rape and then released a video narrating the incident. #BellaNaija bellanaija.com A post shared by  BellaNaija (@bellanaijaonline) on Jul 20, 2019 at 11:19am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Lawyer and former chairman of the Nigerian Human Rights Commission, Chidi Odinkalu also pointed out that “falsehood, mischief” are nonexistent crimes in Nigeria. This is coming after Busola Dakolo, in an interview released last month, alleged that Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, Senior Pastor of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) raped her twice when she was 16. After that, another alleged survivor narrated that she was also raped by the same pastor. Chude Jideonwo, who interviewed Busola, also revealed that his team sat down with 5 survivors who say they were raped by Fatoyinbo. Busola had also filed a petition against Fatoyinbo before the interview was published. The post Timi & Busola Dakolo Invited by Police, Singer says “We have since been ready” appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Popular Nigerian singer, Timi Dakolo, has raised the alarm over threat to his life. Dakolo, in a post on his Instagram page on Saturday, said strange men are presently in front of his house with guns. Dakolo wrote: “Strange men at my house with guns.” DAILY POST recalls that wife… July 20, 2019 In "News" Rape is a strong word. An allegation of rape elicits strong reactions. Busola Dakolo set the Nigerian internet on fire when a YouTube video of her being interviewed by Chude Jideonwo, a respected Nigerian writer and media personality, went viral on Friday, June 28. Busola Dakolo is the wife of popular Nigerian singer Timi Dakolo. In the interview, she alleged that Biodun Fatoyinbo, founder… July 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tribune Online I’ve never raped anyone, Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo reacts to Busola Dakolo’s allegation The founder of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, says has never raped anyone in his life. He said this on Friday via a statement posted on his Instagram page, apparently reacting to… June 28, 2019 In "News"