 The 2019 edition of #StartupSouth conference will feature over 100 speakers in about 60 parallel sessions. The sessions cover six broad focus areas – Business, Technology, Lifestyle, Personal Development, Funding, Policy – which are geared towards providing participants the requisite intelligence needed to drive their businesses. Some of the notable speakers at the conference include Idu Okwuosa – CEO, SQF Ventures, Jay Alabraba – Co-Founder, Paga, Olaf Groth – Founder & Managing Partner, Cambrian Group, Oluyemisi Wole-Ojomo – Lead Consultant, Pishon & Brooks, Mike Asukwo – Chief Editorial Artist, BusinessDay and Dr. Biodun Ogungbo – Founder, Brain & Spine Surgery, Abuja. Also speaking is Peace Anyiam-Osigwe, founder of Africa Film Academy and host of African Movie Awards, who will speak on “Unlocking the creative goldmine in your neighborhood” in a fireside chat to discuss opportunities in the movie and creative industry for young Nigerians in the region. Yemi Keri, founder of Hackerbella and Co-Founder, Rising Tide Africa will feature on a panel discussing “Understanding angel investing for women”  while Omolola Adagunodo, Jumia Travels lead will also feature on a fireside Chat discussing Jumia’s journey to a billion-dollar company. Others include Emeka Nobis, who will host a masterclass session on “Building an influential personal brand as a thought leader” and Celestine Omin, Expert Software Developer and Consultant with the experience that spanned Nigeria’s iconic Startups including Konga, Andela, and Paystack. He will be hosting a masterclass on ‘Structuring engineering teams for scale’ for startups. The theme of this year’s conference is “Unlocking the next 60 million: making broadband accessible & affordable” and an insightful keynote on this will be delivered by Funke Opeke, CEO, MainOne. Four state Governors from the South-South and South-East and some of the top dignitaries expected at the event and would feature on a special panel session discussing the theme of the event. A full list of the speakers can be found here and you can also register to attend on the event website Date: October 29 – November 2nd, 2019
Venue: Uyo, Akwa Ibom The event will bring together founders, innovators, and investors from across Nigeria and beyond to discuss technology, trends, and challenges facing the growth of start-ups in the region. Ibom Hotel & Golf Resort will host participants to a burn-fire hangout at Marina on Friday, November 1st & a major highlight of the event will be the tour of Akwa Ibom state on November 2nd to visit the state’s major tourists’ attractions. This is powered by Goge Africa crew. The organizers said this year’s edition leverages on the previous edition’s improvements to bring the best experiences to the participants. “Over the past five years, we have worked hard to make #StartupSouthConference a driver of conversations towards boosting economic growth in the region thereby leveraging technology,” said Uche Aniche, who is the convener of #StartupSouth Conference He added: “This edition promises to see lots of improvements with participation from more diverse stakeholders. The Team is excited for the level of Support #StartupSouth5 Uyo is receiving from stakeholders across the regions and Nigeria and we can’t wait to welcome participants to the best edition yet.” The Conference is supported by Facebook, MainOne, Paga, Riby Finance, Hotels.ng, Ibom Hotels & Golf Resort, Goge Africa, BellaNaija, ConnectNigeria, and several others. Sponsored Content The post #StartupSouth Conference to host Over 100 Industry Giants to discuss Technology & Tackling Challenges Affecting Growing Businesses appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija TOWARDS the generation of ideas and strategies to re-position Africa businesses within a global context, Zedcrest Capital, one of the leading securities brokerage, advisory and capital management firms in Nigeria, will be supporting the Lagos Business School for the 2018 Africa Business Conference. The Africa Business Conference (ABC) is an… November 30, 2018 In "News" Hundreds will convene this Friday, June 28th 2019, for CultivARTe, a one-day conference with the aim of creating engines for growth and laying pipelines necessary for the growth of human capital in Africa.  Organized by EverythingNaArt, a brand that has trained over 25,000 members of their community with both paid… June 24, 2019 In "Entertainment" CSR-in-Action and the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), in partnership with the Federal Ministry of Petroleum Resources (MPR), Ministry of Mines and Steel Development (MMSD), Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), and Miners Association of Nigeria (MAN), Petroleum Technology Association of Nigeria (PETAN) and other stakeholders have announced the 6th… July 10, 2017 In "News"