 Arsenal are closing in on the signing of French teenager William Saliba in a deal worth around £27m, According to Telegraph.co.uk. Saliba will be loaned back to Saint-Etienne next season after the French side insisted that the centre-back could not join up with Unai Emery’s side this summer. The nature of the deal means that Arsenal will be able to pay the fee in a greater instalment next summer rather than using up a sizeable chunk of their budget for this transfer window. Saliba, who is widely regarded as one of the most exciting young talents in French football, has been a long-term target for Arsenal. It is hoped that another season in Ligue 1 will allow him to continue his rapid development before he begins life in the Premier League. Saliba has made only 17 appearances in his senior career but became a regular for the French side towards the end of last season. Saint-Etienne kept five clean sheets in Saliba’s last seven starts of the campaign. At 6ft 4in tall, he is a commanding physical presence who has been compared to Raphael Varane, the Real Madrid and France defender. The 18-year-old will become Arsenal’s second signing of the summer after another teenager, Brazilian winger Gabriel Martinelli, arrived from Ituano earlier this month. Arsenal remain interested in securing deals for Celtic full-back Kieran Tierney and Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha. It has also emerged that they are among a number of clubs, including Manchester United, to enquire after Southampton midfielder Mario Lemina, who has been left out of his club’s pre-season training camp in Austria. Meanwhile, Arsenal have confirmed the appointment of former midfielder Edu as their first ever technical director. Edu, who was a member of Arsene Wenger’s ‘Invincibles’ in 2003/04 has left his position as general coordinator of the Brazilian national side following their Copa America triumph. His role as technical director will be to lead Arsenal’s recruitment efforts in the transfer window, oversee the development and promotion of the club’s most talented young players and install a club-wide playing philosophy. Raul Sanllehi, Arsenal’s head of football, said: “His arrival is the final and very important part of the jigsaw in our development of a new football infrastructure to take us forward. He will be working closely with Unai Emery and the first-team coaches, and will play a relevant role leading our football vision and ensuring we have – and follow – a solid philosophy through all our football activities.” The post Arsenal Close To Signing 18-Yr-Old Saint-Etienne William Saliba In £27Million Deal Source: Independent