If you’re not spending your weekend listening to new Afrobeats songs then something isn’t right. However, it’s not too late to remedy that. It would be practically impossible for me to have peace of mind knowing that you’re not jamming to the latest Afrobeats songs. Especially now that there are many new acts out doing unimaginable things. It is true that we are in a revolutionary period in the Nigerian music industry. We can now boast of producing interesting sounds as there’s constant evolution of Nigerian music. Without taking much of your time, here’s a list of new Afrobeats songs you should listen to this weekend; There’s one thing that goes unnoticed and it’s Lady Donli‘s ability to mess with different genres so smoothly. Following her single Cash from her highly anticipated album Enjoy Your Life, she releases Suffer Suffer – a song about how she isn’t ready to be wooed by any man whose only offer is potential riches.  Monday is a feel good track. On the song, Brainee does what he does best: playing with words so skillfully to compose a catchy track. Hottest street pop act Zlatan Ibile unites with number one African female artist Tiwa Savage on a banging track Shotan. Their chemistry is palpable and it’s entirely fascinating how Zlatan‘s ad-libs spice Tiwa Savage‘s sonorous vocals.  He makes use of his Fuji-esque style on a mellow instrumental and the outcome is phenomenal. The song touched me on a different level and as I listen, I’m almost begging the girl to show Lyta some good loving. I mean, who doesn’t have a story about unrequited love? Mavin is ready to take all of our money with its newest boys. Crayon recently released his debut EP Cray Cray and one of the standout songs on the project is So Fine. He sings words of appraisal about a beautiful lady on the song. Disturbing the UK scene with his Afro- vibes has become a mission for Kida Kudz. The young Nigerian-born rapper taps into Afrobeats flavor to deliver a solid tune Moonwalk.  The post 7 New Afrobeats Songs To Spice Up Your Weekend appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: Not just okay