 Abakaliki – Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi,has transmitted the second and final batch of his commissioner nominees to the Ebonyi State House of Assembly for screening and possible confirmation. Governor Umahi had earlier sent 16 nominees to the House for screening and confirmation as commissioners. Former Commissioner for Information and State Orientation in the state, Mr. Kenneth Uhuo and the immediate past commissioner for Environment, Chief Donatus Odii Njoku were among the seven nominees who made the final list. Others are Chief Sunday Inyima, Engr Ude Ogbonnya, Comrade Jonah Egba, Dr. Odoh Stephen and Mrs.Uchechi Okah. The nominees were consequently invited by the state House of Assembly to appear before them on Tuesday, 30th July 2019 for screening and possible confirmation. In a release signed by Mr.Okene Oketa, Chief Press Secretary to the Speaker of the House, Rt.Hon.Francis Ogbinna Nwifuru, and made available to newsmen in Abakaliki at the weekend, the House directed the nominees to submit their Curriculum Vitae, photocopies of their relevant credentials and tax clearance certificates with evidence of payments of their property taxes, in 30 file copies, to the office of the Clerk of the House not later than Monday 29nd July, 2019. The post BREAKING: Umahi Transmits Final Batch Of Commissioner Nominees To Ebonyi Assembly  Source: Independent The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, on Tuesday, announced the release of his first batch of his commissioner’s nominee list to the State House of Assembly and the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, for proper screenings. Umahi made this known through a memo forwarded to Ebonyi state House… July 16, 2019 In "News" ABAKALIKI – Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, on Tuesday reappointed Mr. Charles Apkuenika,an Anambra born business man living in Abakaliki, the state capital as a commissioner in the state executive council. Mr. Akpuenika, was the former commissioner for Sports and Youths Development in Umahi’s first tenure. In the first batch of… July 17, 2019 In "News" Asaba – Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, has forwarded another batch of 10 nominees for appointment as commissioners and members of the State Executive Council to the State House of Assembly. The names of the nominees are contained in a letter to the House by the Governor which was… July 18, 2019 In "News"