 The power of unity was displayed last weekend as members of the Cherubim and Seraphim (C and S) and Celestial Church of Christ (CCC) held a joint praises and prayer session to celebrate the Holy Spirit and pray God to stop the rising insecurity in Nigeria. The event which saw over 250,000 members of white garment churches from the United Kingdom, United States of America, Ghana, Sierra Leone and 36 states of Nigeria at the Tafawa Balewa Square (TBS) in Lagos, was graced by many eminent Nigerians including former President Olusegun Obasanjo who clad in white garment with a blue girdle, Lagos State Governor, Babatunde Sanwo-Olu, and the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adewusi, who led over 20 traditional rulers to the all night of praises and prayers. The supreme head of the C and S Unification Church of Nigeria, Prophet Solomon Adegboyega Alao; the Spiritual head of the CCC, Pastor Mobiyina Oshoffa; spiritual father of the Eternal Sacred C and S church, Prophet Ebahor-Erebi; Mother Philip Idowu, also Ika Iya Rainbow, Prophet Israel Oladele and Prophet Sunday Abiara of Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) were part of the church leaders present. Mother Ajayi, founder of Love of Christ Generation Church (C and S), London, advised the worshippers to know who they are worshiping and obey God. “A true worshiper must celebrate the comforter in love and in newness of life because Jesus is coming back soon to harvest the true worshippers,” she stated. She charged the congregation to avoid living a sinful life and be good ambassadors of white garment churches across the globe. According to her, “white garment church has become the cynosure of all eyes in the Christendom and we must appear as the light of the world.” She said someone must abstain from sin and abide by the scriptural standard according to Galatians 5:23-24 before he can claim to be celebrating the comforter. Apparently stunned by the mammoth crowd at the venue, the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, for about five minutes, led the congregation in praises. In his submission, he described C and S and CCC as special gifts from God to Nigeria and indeed, Africa, as they are part of the foremost African instituted churches. Stressing that all power belongs to God, he charged individuals to cultivate the habit of thanking God no matter the situation they are, noting that there is hope for anyone that is still alive. Former President Obasanjo, who thanked God for been part of the programme since 2017 when it started in London, highlighted the power. Governor Sanwo-Olu, who appeared in  white native attire, applauded Rev. Mother Ajayi for organising a programme where thousands of worshipers came together to worship God in one accord. The governor said he was proud to be associated with the organisers and expressed satisfaction that the event of such magnitude held at the centre of excellence. The event, however, climaxed when the convener of the event, Mother Ajayi, gave out scholarship to an orange seller, a boy, who was spotted singing popular song of Tope Alabi while hawking on the street. The scholarship, according to the philanthropist, covers the education of the teenager whose video went viral on social media, up to the university level. Gospel musician, Yinka Ayefele, also gave testimony of her encounter with Mother Ajayi last year in London and her prayers which made him to become father of triplet today. He said, “I met Iya Adua last year in London and while praying for me, she prophesied that I would become a father this year and to the glory of God, I am now a father of triplets, the first artiste to give birth to triplets in Nigeria.” Others present at the event include Chief Ebenezer Obey, Sammy Okposo, Sir Shina Peters and Queen Selawa Abeni. The post White Garment Churches Unite For Praises, Worship In Lagos  Source: Independent