 Everton defender Brendan Galloway has joined newly-promoted Championship side Luton Town on a free transfer. The versatile 23-year-old becomes Luton’s fourth signing of the summer, ending a five-year spell at Goodison Park and joining up with boss Graeme Jones, who was on Everton’s coaching staff when Galloway made his debut. The former England Under-17 and Under-19 international joined Everton in 2014 after impressing for MK Dons and made 15 first-team appearances the following season, but he only played 10 league games during brief loans at West Brom and Sunderland. Galloway said: “I’m really happy to finally get it over the line and I can’t wait to get started. “I really enjoyed working under Graeme at Everton. The sessions were very exciting and very challenging for the players, and he got the best out of a lot of us. “I’m really excited for the new project here. There’s a real feel-good factor – everyone at this club is positive.” The Zimbabwe-born defender, who has more than 50 career appearances in all competitions, will play alongside former team-mates Callum McManaman and Lloyd Jones at Kenilworth Road. Jones said: “We gave Brendan his debut in the Premier League as a teenager and he did very, very well. He stepped in for Leighton Baines and certainly didn’t let anyone down. “It is a really good opportunity and a good time to take him. “He’s lightning quick, competent on the ball and he really loves to get forward. He’s 6ft 1in and a good age, and he’ll add great competition to the squad in that area.” The post Brendan Galloway Joins Luton From Everton Source: Independent Manchester United’s former England national football team captain Wayne Rooney on Sunday rejoined his boyhood club Everton on a two-year deal after 13 trophy-laden years at Old Trafford. Rooney, who has moved to Goodison Park for an undisclosed fee, spoke of his excitement at returning to a club where he… July 9, 2017 In "News" Manchester United’s former England national football team captain Wayne Rooney on Sunday rejoined his boyhood club Everton on a two-year deal after 13 trophy-laden years at Old Trafford. Rooney, who has moved to Goodison Park for an undisclosed fee, spoke of his excitement at returning to a club where he… July 9, 2017 In "News" Everton have confirmed the appointment of Sam Allardyce as their new manager on an 18-month deal. The former England manager was in attendance during the club’s 4-0 win against West Ham United at the Goodwin Park on Wednesday after arriving back in England following a holiday in Dubai, to finalise… November 30, 2017 In "Sports"