 Bishop Dr. Tom Samson is a man of many parts. He presides over Christ Royal Family International Churches which he founded. As an educationist, he has to his credit several schools including Royal City College of Education, Royal Dynasty International Schools and Monarch University, which is undergoing approval process. Recently at the church’s mid-year thanksgiving, he had a chat with Chinyere Abiaziem and other journalists on what government should do to help the fallen standard of education in the country… Excerpts: You usually host this an annual programme tagged, ‘It’s War’ Conference’. What is the rationale behind it? Yes the question has come up over and over on why ‘war’ when everybody is looking for peace? After I started ‘Reigning in Life Conference’, God began to minister to me; He said ‘my son, I want you to go out there and launch attack against demonic oppressions’. He said, ‘many of my children have been crying to me and it is as if I am not answering them.’ The Lord told me the case of Daniel; He said ‘when Daniel was crying to me, I sent my angel to give me his report and to give him his desire, but the prince of Persia withheld the answers to his prayers. The Lord said there are many demonic powers and certain household wickedness frustrating my mandate in people’s lives. Again the Lord told me that he promised Moses 400 years to bring his children from captivity, but they never came out until 430 years. This is to say that there were demonic powers that caused the 30 years delay. The Lord said there are certain persons that are supposed to be landlords but they are still tenants not because they are not hard-working. Imagine a person acquiring a piece of land and the land gets hijacked. Also, you can give money to a mason to build; he can run away with it. There are certain misfortunes in life that make people look as if they don’t know what they are doing in life. The Lord said I should launch attack against bad luck, promise and fail, household wickedness and all kinds of demonic powers. After God gave me the instruction, I said, ‘okay, Lord how do I go about this? The Lord said separate one section out of ‘Reign in Life Conference’, and let everybody have the consciousness of war; it is a spiritual warfare. Now, how do I start off? I need to make an impression with this. And while I was pondering on how to go about this, I said okay, it has to look military because many times what people see, they can easily relate with. I thought of putting on a camouflage and making it dramatic so that you would know that, yes, this is war. Everybody was concerned and kept asking, ‘what is this man of God doing? Who is he fighting? It was a slogan all over Lagos. People came and then they discovered that it was a spiritual war; the Lord honoured it. In the first meeting, the crowd was massive, the anointing was amazing and there was massive deliverance. People were vomiting, and things happened, the power of God was in action. You seem to have much similarity with Arch Bishop Benson Idahosa; did he at any time mentor you? You see, I grew up in Benin City though I was born In Ile Ife, and as a teenager I was in Benin. If I must tell you, people ask me are you among bishop boys? Are you papa’s son? You resemble bishop, people say I am a bold man, I am confrontational. I saw that in Arch Bishop. You can see a man afar off and swallow him, I swallowed Papa; there are traits in me you can’t doubt- boldness of going for great things from nothing, believing I can dare anything. Though from a low background, I never see anything too big to accomplish. You could see another spirit of Arch Bishop in me. Are there other men of God you see as your mentors? Papa Oyedepo is another; any time I am with him we spend nothing less than three hours. In the area of education, God is using us to do a lot. As of today Christ Royal Family International Churches has 15 schools, nursery primary, secondary, college of education, we are running a university programme, Monarch University that we are now going through approval process. He (Oyedepo) moved to Canaan land and I also built a city there, Royal City in Ota. I am building a university; he has built three, so those are the people that can give you encouragement. If you are looking for a mentor, look for people who have excelled in the area of your dreams. Are there new things you are bringing to the table in this year’s ‘It’s War’? Yes. This year’s ‘It’s War’ is going to be more dynamic because the Lord is telling me it is going to be totally encompassing, that we have to really go to visit foundations. God is telling me that this period I should tell the people that the vision that they dropped, things that did not work, he will make it to rise again and they would come back with their testimonies. Some Christians have alleged islamisation of Nigeria even as some think the government is not very serious in addressing the unrest in some parts of the country. What is your take on this? Well, government has denied that several times, so let us take them by their word. Even our VP, a Christian, has said there is nothing like that. Though certain events have unfolded with appointments, ranking and Christians removed from a place and replaced by Fulanis. There is quota system in this country, where you have to share things equally, you have to appreciate that there are Igbos, Yorubas, Huasas, Fulanis and other tribes, so there has to be fair deals. My appeal to government is that let there be fair share, we don’t need this suspicion; there has been much outcry and we need a government that can listen to the cries of the people. The Igbo people should be remembered. Let everybody has part in the nation because the sharing of positions is lopsided and people feel they are not well represented. You say they (marginalised people) have legislators but the executive commands the power. Major decisions are taken at the executive level. So my appeal is that government should ensure fair share so that everybody would have a sense of belonging in this country. What is your advice to fellow clerics towards helping humanity? Talking about helping humanity, you have to look at their strength; there are many of my colleagues that are struggling even to keep up with the daily budgets of their ministries. You see, many people I attend to came for help. There is somebody I told one of the church pastors to go and see where they are living; they said there is no bed in the room. You see people have a misgiving; even the school we have, many are on scholarships and there are even some pastors who cannot pay their own rent. This thing has reverberating effect and the economy is affecting people in the church. There is this general belief that the standard of education has falling, what do you do to ensure standard in all your schools? You see, that is why I built college of education, knowing that I am into education. When we applied for permission to build college of education, they appealed to me to make sure that as a man of God, we bring morals and I gave them my word. People say things are expensive and teachers also want big money, they go to the same market doctors go, the same market politicians go and that the days of giving teachers poor salaries are over. In my school, I make sure you follow the syllables and whatever that is there; we have people that go round like inspectors to make sure that standards are followed. What do you think government can do at both federal and state levels in this regard? They need to invest more because money is the key. Sometimes, to build laboratory alone, I spend N7 million to N10 million. In education, you need to upgrade; do you know there is money government supposed to pay to us the private owners, we are fighting for that because education is expensive. If I tell you what I pay every month, I have over 600 staff and this is because education is part of my services to community. Government needs to increase their budget on education. They should extend the largesse to private practitioners as well. The post Why I’m Committed To Humanity – Bishop Samson  Source: Independent