 Adamawa Government has expressed its readiness to revamp the ailing Cocoa and Cotton farming in the state. Mrs. Felicia Nzomisaki, Permanent Secretary, state Ministry of Agriculture, gave the hint during an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Thursday in Yola. “” Adamawa is among the Cocoa producing states in the country, the commodity is mostly produced from the Southern parts of the state that include Toungo, Ganye and Jada Local Government Areas,’’ she said. However, the farmers had complained of a lack of government support and good market outlets for the product. According to her, most of the farmers have been forced out of production due to these reasons as many of them are out of the cocoa farming business. Nzomisaki said that government had decided to revamp the cocoa and cotton production in full scale to ensure effective economic diversification. “Cocoa and Cotton farming revitalisation is presently among the state government’s top priority programmes. “Now we have a programme to educate the Cocoa and Cotton farmers about the government’s intention to revamp the sectors for full economic diversification. “Our staff is on the ground to educate them on how to recover and fully revamp the farming of the cash commodities effectively to improve their revenue generation as well as that of government,” Nzomisaki said. She noted that the state governor, Ahmadu Fintiri, had assured the ministry of full support that included payment of all counterparts funding for effective service delivery. She said very soon some states and federal officers would meet over the Cocoa and Cotton production in the state. Nzomisaki said that the government was aware of the bad market and other challenges facing the farmers adding,  “we are totally committed to revamping the sectors including good market outlets for cocoa and cotton farmers.” She said the government was making efforts to contact some agricultural market outlets to ensure all abandoned cash crops were carried along for complete economic diversification.   The post Diversification: Adamawa Govt To Revamp Cocoa, Cotton Farming  Source: Independent