Tribune Online
Nigeria’s lawmakers’ unfair outburst Two weeks ago, the House of Representatives in Abuja was reported to have called on the Federal Ministry of Aviation, to liaise with all the aviation agencies to enforce all safety standards as prescribed in the aviation industry guidelines, so as to forestall future crashes in the country. The house also urged the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) to ensure that all aircraft in Nigeria were adequately maintained and certified airworthy before commencing operation, in order to prevent further ordeals. In the same vein, the Nigerian Meteorological Agency (NIMET) and the FAAN were also advised to prevail on aircraft owners to keep strict adherence with the rules of weather condition while flying. While the lawmakers have the right to express their concerns on issues happening in the sector, the contradiction is however made manifest in the misrepresentation contained in some points raised by them which need to be corrected to reassure air travelers of safety and security across the airports. Of all the issues raised by the different lawmakers, the most misleading aspect was the alleged importation of fairly used aircraft into the country by domestic airlines, calling on all of them to adhere strictly to the Nigeria’s aviation regulations in line with international best practices. Agreed that most issues raised by the lawmakers were cogent to air transport safety particularly the death traps called runways at many of the airports which have been sending signals to the travelling public with rainy season rolling in. Obviously, there are many challenges confronting the sector which require the National Assembly’s intervention, but this should not be used to mislead the public and even the world at large about the efforts being made by the airline operators to reposition domestic airline operations against all odds. With due respect to the lawmakers, the position made by one of them alleging that the airline operators  import fairly used aircraft into the country was very unfair and capable of killing private investment. For the fact that there are issues confronting the sector does not mean that the issues are caused by the aircraft, and without mincing words, at present, there is no Nigerian carrier flying unworthy airplanes. It is on record today that airlines like Air Peace can compete with the mega carriers of this world because of the statuses of the aircraft in its fleet including Boeing 777-300. Just like Air Peace, Arik Air and Medview Airlines also have aircraft like Boeing 777-300 while Dana Air is expecting aircraft in that  family before the end of the year. Most times, the challenges faced by the airlines have been traced to poor infrastructure at the airports, like the issue of poor runway which gets flooded and makes landing of aircraft dangerous during rainy season. Calling all aircraft flying domestic routes in Nigeria as fairly used is unjust and this is capable of creating fears in the minds of intending passengers and public. Asking FAAN to ensure that all aircraft in Nigeria are adequately maintained and airworthy, has exposed the ignorance of the lawmakers on how things work in the sector as FAAN has nothing to do with the state of aircraft flying in the airspace. Absolutely, they have the right to raise questions about safety issues but before doing so, there is the need for them to get acquainted with how things work, that is, knowing which agency is responsible for aircraft safety amongst other things before going public, which is necessary and will safe the country the embarrassment of portraying the country in negative light. For a lawmaker to make a sweeping statement that all airlines  are operating with fairly use aircraft is loose and scary not only to flying, but also to private investment. Nigeria’s lawmakers’ unfair outburst  Source: Tribune