 Abuja – President Muhammadu Buhari is currently meeting with traditional rulers from the southwest geopolitical zone of the country. The meeting which started around 12.30 pm is holding inside the President’s office. Among the traditional rulers spotted by our Correspondent covering the State House includes the Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi among others. The Ooni of Ife, had paid similar courtesy visit to President Muhammadu Buhari on the 18th of July, 2019 at the Presidential Villa on behalf of traditional rulers from the South West. He had tabled the worsening security situation in the South West before the President, warning that war bells were sounding in the region. He had disclosed to State House correspondents that the President will give directives to security agencies to collaborate with locals in the region towards flushing out bad eggs and threats to peace in the region. The Ooni of Ife had also paid similar visit to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at the Villa the following day, 19th of July, 2019 The meeting with the President on Wednesday was still in progress at the time of filing this report. Details later… The post Breaking: Insecurity: Buhari, South West Monarchs Currently Meeting in Aso Rock Source: Independent Lagos – Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, will today lead South-West monarchs to the Presidential Villa, Abuja, for a meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on the issue of insecurity in the region. According to a presidency source, Buhari personally requested for the meeting with which he intends to dialogue with… July 31, 2019 In "News" Innocent Oweh, Gbenga Abegunrin Abuja / Ibadan – Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, stormed the Presidential Villa on Thursday, where he intimated President Muhammadu Buhari that issue of insecurity bedeviling the country was vibrating war drums. The revered monarch, however, said people of the South-West extraction were not ready for… July 19, 2019 In "News" The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi stormed the Presidential Villa on Thursday, where he intimated President Muhammadu Buhari that issues of insecurity bedeviling the entire country was vibrating drums of war. The revered monarch, however, said people of the South West extraction were not ready for war as the… July 18, 2019 In "News"