ForteSoft Systems Limited opened for business officially in July 2006 in GRA Ikeja. With a parent company based in the United Kingdom, ForteSoft opened with a vision for the development of the ICT industry in Nigeria. While the aim is the development of new technology aimed for our peculiar environment, we recognized the need for developing a workforce capable of using current technology and the need for improvements in training methodology for ICT products in this environment. With this in mind we decided to tie up as a franchise partner with an international ICT training organization with pedigree and wherewithal – NIIT. We are recruiting to fill the following positions below: Location: Lagos Deadline: 25th July, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 20th July, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Location: Lagos Deadline: 13th July, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Latest Job Recruitment at ForteSoft Systems Limited (3 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria (A). Alfred & Victoria Associates Alfred & Victoria Associates is one of Nigeria’s leading ICT solution based company. Our company offers a wide range of services which are in high demand of today’s emerging market. AVA has three major arms which have been streamlined to meet our customer’s needs. 1. Head,… July 1, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Hamilton Lloyd and Associates Hamilton Lloyd and Associates – Our client in various sectors is recruiting suitably qualified candidates to fill the following positions: 1. Senior Project Associate Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Planning Engineer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 3. Office Administrator Click Here to… July 11, 2019 In "Jobs" ForteSoft Systems Limited opened for business officially in July 2006 in GRA Ikeja. With a parent company based in the United Kingdom, ForteSoft opened with a vision for the development of the ICT industry in Nigeria. While the aim is the development of new technology aimed for our peculiar environment,… July 11, 2019 In "Jobs"