Tribune Online
Store rewards Best Child Actor at Realtime Film Festival POPULAR retail store, SPAR has rewarded the winner of the Best Child Actor Prize at the third edition of the RealTime Film Festival, Mariam Kayode. Kayode won the prize for her role in the ImohUmoren directed ‘The Coffin Salesman’ at the festival which held at multiple locations in Lagos and drew participants from across Africa. Commenting on the reward for the upcoming actor, the Group Head, Marketing, John Goldsmith, noted that Nigerian children need to be supported to achieve their aims in life. He said, “Creative expressions cannot be separated from the realities of this age. Nigerians are doing great exploits globally, and we need to nurture the upcoming talents which will, in turn, enhance the country’s creative industry. Our brand will continue to support the development of the Nigerian child through various initiatives.” Responding to the support from SPAR for the festival, Artistic Director, Stanlee Ohikhuare said, “The organizers and volunteers of the Film Festival appreciate the support of SPAR in extending the frontiers of the festival. The emergence of talented children can be encouraged with incentives that will contribute to their overall success in the industry.” Buhari signs bill to establish Daura Federal Poly, others He added that “the creative industry will blossom the more if brands like SPAR and others support the ingenuity of everyone within the filmmaking sector. We look forward to rewarding more upcoming talents, and we will equally celebrate their creativity until they come into maturity in the industry.” Also responding, Kayode said “I am excited to be a recipient of the award this year. SPAR has rewarded me for being a part of the movie industry, and I will give my best to acting until the brand becomes so proud of me. This year’s award will spur me more into action. Every company that encourages children like SPAR is developing the future of Nigeria.” The RealTime Film Festival is the only festival with a competitive category for films made by kids. The children are taught the rudiments of filmmaking during the festival, and their productions are shown at the annual festival.  A total of 178 short movies of different genres from 156 countries screened alongside four feature films at the event. Store rewards Best Child Actor at Realtime Film Festival
Tribune Online Source: Tribune