The Central Securities Clearing System (CSCS) Plc was incorporated on July 29, 1992 as a Financial Market Infrastructure (FMI) for the Nigerian Capital Market. It was commissioned in April, 1997 and commenced operations in April 14, 1997. On the 16th of May 2012, CSCS became a Public Liability Company (PLC) by a special resolution. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued its license as an Agent for Central Depository, Clearing and Settlement of transactions in the Nigerian Capital Market. It operates a computerized depository, clearing, settlement and delivery system for transactions in securities in the Nigerian Capital Market.&nbsp;We are recruiting to fill the position below:Job Title: Head of Risk ManagementLocation:&nbsp;Eti-Osa, Lagos, NigeriaJob DescriptionSupport the CRO in driving risk management vision and mission for companyAssess and identify potential risks which may adversely affect the company and ensure appropriate strategies are developed and applied to mitigate them.Lead and oversee the enterprise risk management process and ensure alignment with organizational objectives.&nbsp; Apply at https://ngcareers.com/job/2019-07/head-of-risk-management-at-central-securities-clearing-system-plc-256/ Source: NG Career By Peter Egwuatu The Central Securities Clearing System, CSCS Plc has cleared and settled over 1.2 billion units of shares worth N13.86 trillion between January and November 2017. Managing Director/CEO, Mr. Haruna Jalo-Waziri, who disclosed this on the sideline of a workshop for capital market correspondents in Lagos said activities… December 15, 2017 In "News" By Kayode Tokede, Olushola Bello And Bukola Idowu, Lagos – Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), Debt Management Office (DMO) and other stakeholders have said that for the nation’s capital market to grow, there must be mechanism for efficiency, accountability and transparency across major economy players including the Central Bank of… December 11, 2017 In "News" A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has struck out a case filed by Oando PLC against the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) seeking to stop SEC from conducting a forensic audit on the company and also lift a technical suspension placed on its shares. The presiding judge, Justice Mohammed… November 28, 2017 In "News"