Dr. Rowland Amadi, Chief Executive Officer, Blueprint Industrial Company, on Sunday urged the Federal Government to increase support for industrial research to boost the country’s economy.
Amadi, an inventor of fireproof crystal ceiling board made of fibre glass and raisin, made the call in a telephone interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN).
He expressed optimism that the country’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) would record a boost if Nigerian innovators were encouraged.
According to him, the federal government must be devoted, dedicated and work hard to encourage Nigerians who are inventing products and services that can help create jobs and grow the country’s GDP.
“When inventors benefit from their efforts, it will attract others to go into inventions.
“This will not only scale up inventions but will grow the country’s economy.
“It will also help to create jobs as well as develop the culture of entrepreneurship,’’ Amadi said.
NAN recalls that the National Board for Technology Incubation (NBTI) announced that the federal government disbursed N45 million to inventors and innovators in the country in 2017.
Mr. Mohammed Jubrin, Director-General, NBTI, said that N45 million was also appropriated for disbursement to innovators and inventors in 2018.
“This has assisted the development of entrepreneurship, which is technology-based and after some time, we expect these people to become key players in the economy,’’ he said. The post Inventor Urges FG To Increase Support For Industrial Research appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Smugglers’ vehicle and goods seized by the Nigerian Customs Service • Intensifies calls for patronage of made-in-Nigeria goods The Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has raised the alarm over increased smuggling of unwholesome food items into the country occasioned by the approaching festive season. A statement signed by… December 1, 2017 In "News" The First Bank of Nigeria on Sunday expressed its commitment to the development of Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in line with the Federal Government’s economic diversification drive. Firstbank Mr Gbenga Shobo, the bank’s Deputy Managing Director, made the commitment at the third edition of Fiesta of Flavours in Lagos.… December 17, 2017 In "News" Minister of Agriculture, Audu Ogbeh The Federal Government said on Tuesday egg production, processing and marketing could create no fewer than one million jobs through its National Egg Production (NEGPRO) Scheme. Chief Audu Ogbeh, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, made this known in Abuja at a meeting with… January 9, 2018 In "News"