 According to a report from The Northern Echo, Burnley are one of the clubs interested in Middlesbrough starlet, Marcus Tavernier, According to Soccersouls.com. Marcus Tavernier is one of Championship football’s exciting young talents. He played 27 games last season, scoring four goals and providing three assists. Former Middlesbrough manager Tony Pulis was reluctant to use him too often but he showed flashes of his potential on the pitch. The 20-year-old’s performances have caught the attention of some top-flight clubs, including Burnley. The report claim Middlesbrough are keen to keep hold of the youngster, who they see as a crucial player to their promotion chances next term. However, Burnley must go all out to sign Tavernier, who clearly is an exciting talent for the future. The Clarets are yet to make their first signing of the transfer window, which is surprising considering the club avoided relegation from the Premier League this past season. Burnley once again struggled for goals and that is something Sean Dyche needs to address over the summer. Ashley Barnes and Chris Wood were the club’s chief source for goals in 2018/19. However, they lacked support from midfielders and wingers which saw the Lancashire-based outfit huff and puff for goals. None of the likes of Aaron Lennon, Johann Berg Gudmundsson or Matej Vydra made telling contributions which saw the onus fall on the young shoulders of Dwight McNeil. Dwight McNeil was one of the bright attacking sparks in an otherwise lackluster attack and after a solid breakthrough campaign at Turf Moor, he’ll be expected to play an even bigger part next term. But one cannot expect the 19-year-old for consistency and thus, Dyche should look to take the extra pressure off him by signing another young, exciting and dynamic winger in Marcus Tavernier. Tavernier can play in different attacking positions and also be deployed as a left-back when required. A direct, agile and pacey attacker, the 20-year-old would bring in a lot of zest, speed and energy to Burnley’s attacking ranks that they lacked out wide last season. He has the ability to create something out of nothing and can carve open the opposition defence by making a decisive pass in the final third of the pitch. The 20-year-old is a hardworking, young English player Dyche should go for. His work rate is fantastic, is an instinctive player with an eye for goal. Tavernier can make an immediate impact at Turf Moor and give the attacking spark Dyche’s team missed last term. Verdict
It’ll cost hefty money to sign the promising Tavernier from Middlesbrough, but it would certainly be worth it for Burnley if they can pull it off. The post Burnley Signing This Instinctive 20-Yr-Old Attacker Would Be A Fantastic Way To Revive Dyche’s Attack  Source: Independent