Tribune Online
Ooni of Ife, Oba of Benin, Emir of Kano, others for ATQ’s Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities awards AFRICAN Travel Quarterly, (Atqnews.com), has unveiled the first shortlist of winners of the Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities awards. The African Travel 100 Global Personalities award will take place during the 15th Akwaaba African Travel Market (AfTM) at Eko Hotels and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos on September 23. AfTM is slated to host domestic and international participants from September 22 to 24. According to the organiser of Akwaaba African Travel Market, Mr Ikechi Uko, “the award is to honour travel and tourism personalities who have contributed to the growth of the travel and tourism industry in Africa and the diaspora.” The event will be part of the maiden edition of the African Tourism Diaspora Conference 2019. The conference is expected to draw top tourism personalities from around the world to Lagos Nigeria. BREAKING: 60 people cheat death as popular hotel collapses in Ebonyi “African Tourism Diaspora Conference 2019 is to mark the 400 years of slavery. Slavery is a very sensitive topic that has created an uncomfortable relationship between Africa and its diaspora. The conference is an opportunity to celebrate the merging of Africans, Americans, Caribbeans and the rest of the world during this memorable gathering in Lagos. “Africa, with 54 countries and a population of 1.2 billion, has some unbelievable tourist’s potentialities and attractions. The Caribbean and African diasporas have unique culture, rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourists, hence the need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population together, creating a huge global market. “The African Diaspora Tourism Conference will create a platform to discuss, initiate, dialogue and celebrate this new relationship. However, the recognition of Africa as a beacon of hope for African people living on the continent and in the diaspora to explore, relate and live using the conference as the African platform for the foundation of this long-lasting relationship. Posterity will remember that the improvement was earned, not by coincidence, but by conscious efforts to validate the struggles, strengths and linkages between African descendants on a Pan-African scale. “The African diaspora and Africa have same unique culture, a rich heritage and beautiful destinations for tourism and trade, therefore, there is a need to connect and combine these wonderful cultures and population as a market for mutual benefit. “The Africa Travel 100 Awards now in her 18th year, has recognised over the years leaders, industry practitioners and government official who have promoted tourism and improved travel using unique platforms and new information,” Uko said. For the past 15 years, AKWAABA Africa Travel Market has been the major international and largest marketing platform to meet with airlines, travel agents, hotels, tourism boards, both foreign and local, the media and general travelling public in West Africa. Akwaaba Travel Market has grown to become the most important travel marketing platform in the region drawing attendance from over 7,000 to 10,000 visitors from 20 countries. The third edition of the West African #jollofrice War will be on Sunday, September 22, together with the Ghana Day and Nigeria Day. The Aviation day and the Youth Tourism Panels will hold on Tuesday, September 24. Dubai and Gambian day will be on Monday, September 23. Some of the past awards targeted at bringing the African Travel and Tourism Practitioners together projects include; -Africa Travel 100 for Top 100 Travel Companies in West Africa 2016 -Africa Travel 100 Women 2017 -Africa Travel 100 Tour Operators 2018 -African Legend Awards – This prestigious category is given to exceptional industry and thought leaders, won by past president of The Gambia Sir Dawda Jawara, first Female African Airline Captain, Capt Irene Koki Mutungi, Danny Jordaan of South Africa for World Cup 2010, Capt Desta Zeru, first Captain of B787 Dreamliner and latest was by Kumneger Tekel, an Ethiopian pioneer of M.I.C.E. in Africa. The Africa Travel 100 global Personalities awards initial shortlist of winners includes transportation, aviation, past African legends of travel winners, tourism media, tourism administration, hospitality/ facility owners, travel business, tour operations, heritage and culture and MICE promoters.  Transportation 1 Rohan Vos, Owner of Rovos Rail (South Africa)  Aviation  Past African Legend of Travel Winners   Tourism Media  Tourism Administration  Hospitality/ facility owners  Travel Business 1.Julie Dably Scott, Kenya Travel Business Executive (CWT) 4.Taiwo Afolabi, Chairman SIFAX Airport Logistics  Tour Operations  MICE Promoters.  Heritage & Culture, Ooni of Ife, Oba of Benin, Emir of Kano, others for ATQ’s Africa Travel 100 Global Personalities awards
Tribune Online Source: Tribune The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II has confirmed to attend the African Tourism Diaspora Conference as the Special Guest of Honour to be held at the 15th Akwaaba African Travel Market, September 22nd to 24th, 2019 in Lagos. The Oba will be addressing not just the… April 19, 2019 In "News" Mr Ikechi Uko The organisers of Abuja Jabamah and Akwaaba African Travel Market have unveiled the winners of the first Meetings, Incentive, Conferences and Events (MICE) Awards in West Africa. According to the organiser of the event, Mr Ikechi Uko, MICE is a lowest hanging fruit for Nigeria and West… November 3, 2017 In "News" From left, the Legel Adviser, Nigeria Travel Week, Opeyemi Orioye; Chief Operating Officer, Nigeria Travel Week, Toni Ukachukwu; Chief Executive Officer, Nigeria Travel Week, Efetobo Awhana and ANJET President, Andrew Okungbuwa, during Nigerian Travel Week press briefing in Lagos, Wednesday. As preparations for the maiden edition of Nigeria Travel Week… October 27, 2017 In "News"