 Nicki Minaj tales about walking down the aisle and becoming a mother in her new song that have left fans wondering if Nicki Minaj’s lyrics in the new collaboration with Chance the Rapper, “Zanies and Fools,” might hold some clues about her relationship status with boyfriend Kenneth “Zoo” Petty. The song, released on the Grammy winner’s new album, The Big Day, on Friday, July 26, features lyrics that imply that the “Starships” singer, 36, may be engaged to Petty and pregnant with his baby. “He the Clyde to my Bonnie, ’bout to walk down the aisle and be a mommy,” Minaj raps on the tune. “Ooh, I remember when I cried like, ‘Why me?’ / Now I wouldn’t exchange my life for Armani.” The song left fans scratching their heads, with comments such as, “Omg is nicki minaj really pregnant?” and “Lol so nicki minaj pregnant lmao wtf.” Wrote another: “Idk if Nicki Minaj has already said she’s pregnant but she just said it on #TheBigDay.” The post Nicki Minaj Just Confirmed An Engagement And Pregnancy? appeared first on . Source: 36Ng Rapper Nicki Minaj has got her fans talking after the cryptic lyrics of a new song she’s featured on. In her verse on Chance the Rapper’s new song “Zanies and Fools“, the 36-year-old rapper seemingly hints at being pregnant and engaged to her boyfriend Kenneth Petty. Nicki Minaj confirmed her relationship… July 27, 2019 In "Entertainment" International artiste Quavo of the singing group, Migos who recently dropped his solo album, "Quavo" appears to have confirmed long standing rumours that he and female rapping sensation, Nicki Minaj had a fling. In his song titled, "Huncho Dreams", the rapper dishes on the rumoured affair with lyrics like, "She… October 13, 2018 In "News" Many fans were left shocked when rap rivals, Nicki Minaj and Cardi B had an epic showdown at New York Fashion Week during the Harper's Bazaar's ICONS party. According to reports, Cardi B who left the scuffle with a massive bruise on her head got the injury from security protecting… October 30, 2018 In "News"