 Liverpool have been linked with a move to re-sign the Barcelona ace. Coutinho in action during the week 8 of La Liga match between Valencia CF and FC Barcelona at Mestalla Stadium in Valencia, Spain on October 7, 2018. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp raved about the quality of Barcelona ace Philippe Coutinho, when speaking exclusively to ESPN, but insisted that it will not be possible to bring him back to Anfield this summer. The 27-year-old left the Reds for Barca in January 2018, for around £142 million, according to BBC Sport, but he has struggled to establish himself at the Camp Nou. The Brazilian, who earns £240,000 per week at Barcelona according to the Mirror, has already been linked with an exit from the Catalan club. Spanish publication Mundo Deportivo claimed earlier this month that Coutinho is a transfer target for Liverpool this summer. Klopp insisted that Coutinho coming back to Merseyside this summer is a no-go, however, when speaking exclusively to ESPN: “In general, Phil Coutinho helps each team in the world, still – 100%. It’s not about that. I like Phil, I think he’s a fantastic footballer and all that stuff, but it would be a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big-money signing and it’s not our year for that. It’s just not possible. As I said, having him would make each team better – us included – but I really hope that he finds his luck at Barcelona.” Liverpool FC midfielder Philippe Coutinho (L) competes for the ball with Leicester City FC defender Danny Simpson during the Premier League Asia Trophy match between Liverpool FC and… Liverpool have a really strong group of players, and it could be argued that they did not miss Coutinho one little bit when he left Anfield 18 months ago. He is still a world-class player, however, and would undoubtedly make the Reds even better if he did indeed return to Merseyside one day. As things stand though, that seems to be highly unlikely to say the least. The post Klopp Reacts To Liverpool Signing Coutinho  Source: Independent