 LAGOS – It was a time of celebration for Rev. Felix Meduoye as several Christian leaders showered encomiums on the General Overseer of the Foursquare Gospel Church in Nigeria during the unveiling of his biography, ‘Felix Meduoye: The Footprints of An Apostle Of Grace’, at the church’s national headquarters, Yaba, Lagos. Lauding Meduoye, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, who was the keynote speaker, described him as a preacher of repute who naturally attracts respect. Underlining the place of character in the lives of preachers, Osinbajo said there was no assignment higher than preaching and that gospel was best preached by way of character. He, thereby, called on Christians to preach and exemplify the gospel. “Every believer is a priest. We must preach and exemplify the gospel. The gospel of Christ does not agree with our flesh but with the word of God.  We must pray for our enemies and bless those who curse us. “I have heard leaders of our faith who speak bitterness; it is love that can conquer situations and win over the worst of men,” he stated. Dr. Glenn Burris Jr., President, International Church of the Foursquare Gospel, California, U.S, described Meduoye as an exemplary leader. “I love this man; his integrity, spiritual discipline and visionary leadership…You are one of the finest men I know in leadership. I’ve been privileged to meet some people who have greatly enriched my life. You are one of them,” he said. Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), in his congratulatory message, noted that Meduoye was full of humility and love for God’s kingdom. “Gentle, wise and insightful he has advanced the cause of the gospel in Foursquare and many other missions…his love for Christ remains untainted by the great achievement and prosperity,” Adeboye said. Pastor William Kumuyi, the General Superintendent of Deeper Christian Life Ministry, also in his message, commended the author for his “giant strides in expanding the work of the Foursquare Gospel Church in the country and spreading the gospel of Jesus Christ in our nation.” Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, who was the special guest of honour, said Meduoye depicts grace. Corroborating Osinbajo, the governor charged Christians to live lives worthy of emulation. He added that part of the roles of those in political leadership positions remained to enthrone righteousness in governance. Meanwhile, the book’s reviewer, Professor Bamitale Omole, the Pro-Chancellor of Ekiti State University, shared that it was a manual containing lessons of the author’s life which others could learn from. “It is a compendium of how a man can be brought from the miry clay and set on the rock.  It is recommended to the young and old who want to be successful in ministry and in life. It is helpful to marriage counselors and also serves as parenting rules for couples,” Omole pointed out. The post Osinbajo, Burris, Adeboye, Kumuyi Others Extol Meduoye  Source: Independent