Tribune Online
IAR&T trains Oyo, Ogun youths on soybean Utilisation The Institute of Agricultural Research and Training (IAR&T), Obafemi Awolowo University, has trained and empowered youths in Oyo and Ogun states on soybean utilisation. Youths from the two states received tutelage from experts in the soybean value chain during training which was held separately in Ogbomoso, Oyo State and Moloko, Owode, Ogun State. Executive Director of the institute, Professor Veronica Obatolu, while addressing the youths, expressed the determination of IAR&T in tackling food and nutrition insecurity in the South-West and Nigeria at large. Represented at the training by the Head of Product Development Programme of the institute, Professor O.A Ashaye, Obatolu emphasised the need for adequate processing of soybean to tap its potentials in human nutrition. Obatolu, noted that the training will not only be an eye-opener for untapped potentials of soybean but would also bring about enhancement of food and nutrition security, income generation and job opportunities. She added that the training was organised at a time when Nigeria needed to diversify her economy through other sources of income rather than depending on oil- revenue alone. She also informed that IAR&T, has processed high value added products from soybean which would not only improve the nutritional status of the consumers but will create jobs as well as create income. Obatolu urged the participants who were students of Owode High School and Egba- Owode Grammar School, Ogun State and Tewure Community Grammar School as well as Ikoyi-Ile Grammar School in Oriire Local Government Area of Oyo State to ensure they utilise all they acquired during the training adequately. The principals of Owode High School, Mr Jogunomi Semubola and his counterpart from Community Grammar School, Tewure, Mr Fagbemi Daniel Oluji expressed  gratitude to IAR&T for choosing their schools as venues for such important training. The highpoint of the two-day-training was the presentation of training certificate and 2kg of soybean seeds to all the fifty (50) participants. IAR&T trains Oyo, Ogun youths on soybean Utilisation  Source: Tribune