 Chinyere Abiaziem, Seyi Taiwo-Oguntuase, Ngozi Uma Prayer, no doubt, is key to a victorious Christian life, but knowing the right way to pray is imperative in growing spiritually. Priscilla Shirer, an American author and evangelist, in her book, ‘The Armor of God’ said,” prayer is the seventh piece of armor, it activates all of the rest of the spiritual armor and when we refuse to pray, it’s like having a refrigerator without plugging it in. Prayer is the divinely authorised mechanism God has given us to tap into His power.” Many have observed that some Christians pray with bitterness and issue dangerous commands against their enemies. Such prayer commands like ‘fall and die’, ‘Holy Ghost fire consume and destroy all my enemies,’ have continued to generate diverse opinions among believers. While many believe that such prayers are not necessary since vengeance is of God and He knows how well to deal with enemies of His children, some Christians especially those of prayer and deliverance ministries believe that enemies must be stopped on their tracks before they wreak havoc. They also believe that most of life’s problems and challenges are spiritually rooted, and must be dealt with spiritually. Such Christians will readily quote Ephesians chapter 6 verses12 and 13 to buttress their point. The chapter says: “For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.” A member of a deliverance ministry, told SUNDAY INDEPENDENT of an incident that occurred in her church. She said a man, who was excreting blood, was brought to their church and it was revealed that somebody from his village wanted him dead.  Warfare prayers and prayer of back to sender, she revealed, were made. Not long the man stopped excreting blood, and it was gathered that the same man that caused his affliction fell at party and died. “Imagine if there were no revelation and prayers of back to sender was not made, the enemy would have wasted the man’s life. So we must stop our enemies that are bent on killing us before they stop us,” she said. Bishop (Dr.) Gbenga Ajadi of His Praise Deliverance Chapel, Lagos, said there is lot of misconception concerning the issue of warfare prayers. “The Bible says in Matthew chapter 5 verse 44, ‘but I tell you love your enemies; in Exodus 22 verse 18, the Bible also says “thou shall not suffer a witch to live.’ “You can see that the Bible is complete; there is no compromise and we should love their physical being not their spiritual beings. “I am a deliverance minister and I pray for my enemies to leave their evil doings and turn to Christ. The spirit in witches is spiritual beings not visible. When we are praying against them, we don’t pray against their physical beings but we are praying against the stubborn spiritual beings inside of them.” He added, “When we are praying against the witches, we are not praying for the physical death of those they possess but for the spirit to die. There are some enemies that vow in as much they are alive, they will not allow us to make it in life. Such enemy needs to die if he or she refuses to repent from their evil acts. “In Africa, we need dramatic prayers because of our society and the way we are brought up. The spiritual controls the physical and we all need deliverance prayers to control the physical if we want to succeed in life. Africans need serious and dramatic prayers that will shake evil coven for their sake.” Corroborating Ajadi, Mrs. Esther Friday, a prayer minister, said, “There are different kinds of enemies; there are enemies who are just jealous of your progress. They only wish you evil in their minds and such enemies you need to love them and pray for them to repent. “But you have to pray dangerous prayers for those enemies that will go to any length to kill or destroy somebody; you must stop them before they stop you. Do you know there are some people that will consult demonic powers to destroy a person without a cause? Such enemies are not to be pitied.” Apostle Michael Olufunmilade Alabi, the Presiding Apostle of Apostolic Mandate, Ogba, Lagos, said that prayer is a spiritual weapon that the Lord, by his spirit, gives to believers. “Prayer is not something you premeditate; it has to be by the leading of the Holy Spirit. Why the prayer of the contemporary church is not effective is because the contemporary church has neglected the Holy Spirit. “We have prayer of thanksgiving, intercessory prayer and warfare prayers. In praying effectively, the spirit of God must guide us accordingly,” he said. He, therefore, admonished believers to always pray scripturally for an effective answer. His words, “If anything comes from the camp of the enemy, the spirit of God is expected to guide the person whether to pray about it or not. I can pray against an enemy without saying the enemy should die; all I need to do is to pray scripturally. “The Bible says in Psalms chapter 9 verse 16: ‘The Lord is known by the judgment which He executed: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands.’ “Now instead of me to say my enemies should die, I can say, Lord as many that are attacking my destiny, all my adversary father search them up, prosecute them, find them guilty and execute your judgment upon them. God knows what to do with them; He can decide to kill them or to leave them alive and useless with all their powers while I will be progressing. “It is the scriptural prayer that works not imaginative prayers; that is prayers from common sense or feelings. When praying, you don’t pray from the realm of fear but from the realm of faith. If you pray from the realm of fear, the prayer is going nowhere, but the prayer will be effective when you pray with faith.” He added, “Most prayers you hear people pray today in our churches are prayers from common sense not scriptural prayers. Scriptural prayers are revelatory prayers, prayers directed by the Holy Spirit; when the Holy Spirit tells you what to pray, He backs it up with scriptures. “You need to understand the scriptures to also pray effectively with it; also we need to understand who Satan is because Satan is son of God too; so you can only ask God to rebuke Satan not that Holy Ghost fire to consume Satan. That is wrong. To every issue of life God has given a word to solve it, all you need to do is to be guided by the Holy Spirit to search the scripture.” Pastor Godwin Solomon, the Senior Pastor of Grace Prevailing Ministry, Lagos, said it is good to love one’s enemy but urged Christians to be wise. He stated, “Jesus has given us good example on how to pray in Matthew chapter 6 verses 9 to 13. The Bible also asks us to pray for those who persecute us; persecution has gone beyond offense and He said we should pray for them because vengeance is of God. “At the same time, the Bible admonishes us to be as wise as serpent and as harmless as dove, which means it is not wise to put out your neck to anybody that wants to kill you because you need to be alive to forgive. You must love yourself before you can love your neighbour. “If you must forgive, you have to be careful, be strategic and self-defensive. It is wrong to pray that spirits should die because spirits do not die; it is from the creative minds of those who don’t study the scriptures. You can cast out spirit, bind and loose spirits, but you can’t tell them to die.” Bishop (Dr.) Emmah Isong, the Senior Pastor of Christian Central Chapel International (CCCI) in Calabar said, “There are several kinds of prayers like supplicatory, petitions, intercessory, thanksgiving and warfare prayers. Depending on the situation of the person, there is nothing wrong in praying any of the prayers above so far it does not contradict the word of God. “If the enemy in question is not the type that wants your neck, may God keep him alive to repent and see the glory of God. But if the enemy involved wants your head by all means, then praying for him to die is simply helping him not to perform his enterprises, After all, the Bible says in 1 Samuel chapter 2 verse 6 ‘The Lord killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up.’” However, Bishop Theophilus Ajose of Bishop Ajose Ministries International, which dwells on raising intercessors, regretted that many Christians don’t believe in the existence of evil forces. “The spiritual controls physical realms and when the spiritual affects the physical body, we use dangerous prayers to stand in gap. “If your enemies vow to truncate your efforts in life in as much he or she lived, you need dangerous prayers against such enemies for you to succeed or make it in life. “The devil cannot be denied not to be in existence and the word of God says resist the devil. What then is resist? It is whatever that you allow that will continue.  We are also asked to be sober and vigilant for the adversary roars looking for whom to devour.  Jesus Christ told us that in his name we will cast out devil which is warfare as well,” Ajose buttressed. Speaking further he said, “The Bible enjoins us to love our neighbours as ourselves but there is nowhere that the Bible says we should love our neighbours more than ourselves. So if you cannot kill yourself, then don’t allow your enemy to kill you. “If you cannot bewitch yourself, then do not allow the enemy to bewitch you.  When God says love your enemies, He does not mean you should allow your enemies to kill you.  In fact, the greatest love you can show them is to put them in their place. Demons are lawless so you cannot allow someone with demonic power to have rule over you,” he said. Bishop Emmanuel Udah, on his own, said that “people who hate us or even seek to harm us are not our real enemies. “Praying for our so-called human enemies to die is a grievous error and highly delusional. Our real enemies, the devil, and his cohorts don’t die. They can be bound, caged, barred, stripped and rendered powerless but certainly not dead. “Christianity, as being practiced in our clime, is laced with too much ignorance. The pastors or ministers are too shallow to research and preach the undiluted word of God. The followers are too spiritually and mentally lazy to study their bible to know for themselves what God truly wants them to know,” he said. The cleric maintained, “In dealing with human enemies as Old Testament believer, it was a case of ‘an eye for an eye and tooth for a tooth’. The book of Psalms is filled with all kinds of judgmental prayers by David against his enemies. “In the New Testament, we have no such leverage to fight physical battles with humans as we would have loved to. We don’t have the permission to even hate.” The post Are Warfare Prayers Supported By Scripture?  Source: Independent