 Some consider Bola Tinubu, All Progressive Congress (APC), national leader a god of a sort. But there are those who know that despite being stupendously rich and brainy, he is just a mere mortal. The man, who is considered by many as the brain behind the many successes of APC in the South West has been at the receiving end of criticism in the past days. Once highly respected among Yoruba elders, Tinubu appears to have lost loyalists in some places especially with reactions to his statement during what was supposed to be his condolence visit to the father of the slain Funke Olakunrin, Pa Reuben Fasoranti. Absolving herdsmen from Olakunrin’s death, Tinubu had been quoted saying that those accusing the nomads of the deceased’s murder could not back their claims with evidence. Tinubu’s position on the death of the daughter of the Afenifere leader has however seen him heavily criticised by many who once respected his views on issues. The post Bola Tinubu: Not A God After All  Source: Independent By Dapo Akinrefon & Omeiza Ajayi lagos—NATIONAL  Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu has lost his son, Jide Tinubu. Jide died yesterday in Lagos after a brief illness and has been buried at Ikoyi cemetery according to Islamic rites. Speaker Dogara Lagos State governor, Mr… November 2, 2017 In "News" Bola Tinubu BEREAVED national leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Bola Tinubu, on Thursday, flew out of the country. This was as sympathisers besieged his his house over the death of his son, Jide, while more condolences poured in from eminent Nigerians, both home and abroad. Among those… November 2, 2017 In "News" Osun State Traditional Rulers yesterday paid condolence visit to Governor Rauf Aregbesola over the death of his mother,  Alhaja Saratu Aregbesola who passed on Tuesday August 1,2017 and has since been buried according to Islamic rites. Besides, some national leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) stormed Osogbo, capital… August 2, 2017 In "News"