Rev Dr Samson Jonah and Israel Akanji at COZA last Sunday CAN denies knowledge of solidarity visit, says COZA pastors are on their own The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has disassociated itself from the visit by two of its leaders, to the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) last Sunday. In a statement issued on Monday, the National Director of Legal and Public Affairs, CAN, Evangelist Barrister Kwamkur Samuel Vondip, said that the visit and video had nothing to do with the group. He also stated that the pastors seen in the viral video visited the church based on their personal interest, as he explained that the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, has already constituted a panel to investigate the rape allegation against the Senior Pastor of COZA, Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo. Rev Dr Samson Jonah, CAN Chairman in the FCT, and Israel Akanji, who is the leader of CAN, North central, addressed the congregation on Sunday. The Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, last week set up a committee to investigate all claims against Fatoyinbo. In a letter sent to Timi Dakolo last week, the PFN communicated that it has constituted a committee to look into circumstances surrounding the heart-wrenching allegations made against the pastor by Busola Dakolo. The committee which has Rev. Wilson Badejo as Chairman, with Bishop Vincent Iyawe and Rev. Collins Ilechukwu as members, is tasked with the responsibility to establish the veracity of the claims and recommend appropriate sanctions where necessary. PFN’s letter to Timi Dakolo Read the CAN statement dissociating itself from the visit: The attention of the President of CAN, Rev. Dr. Samson O. A. Ayokunle has been called to a report and a video clip going round that Christian Association of Nigeria has sent her officials to Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) Church to stand by the Senior Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo on the rape allegation against him. This message is to categorically inform the Christian leaders, the general public and all lovers of truth that CAN or the President of CAN did not approve and knows nothing about such a solidarity visit. Those who did so did it on their own. We stand by our earlier release on this issue that while we would never support any act of immorality from whatever quarter, we would not jump into passing judgement without thorough investigation of the matter. The President of CAN is in communication with the President of the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN), Rev. Dr. Felix Omobude and has given the right to investigate the allegations to PFN and then revert to CAN. We can tell you that PFN has already constituted a panel that is investigating this matter and in less than two weeks, the outcome of the investigation will come out. We urge all our Christian brothers and sisters to know that this is the position of CAN. We would not spare anyone who is found wanting from facing appropriate disciplinary measures. We appreciate sincerely the prayers and support of the Christians and all peace loving Nigerians for the Church and the nation. Evangelist Barrister Kwamkur Samuel Vondip
National Director of Legal and Public Affairs,
Christian Association of Nigeria.
15th July, 2019 The post CAN dissociates Self from Pastors’ ‘solidarity visit” to COZA as PFN Investigates Rape Allegations against Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Tribune Online Sexual assault: Uproar as CAN declares support for Biodun Fatoyinbo during visit to COZA + VIDEO Amid controversies generated as a result of the rape allegation levelled against the Senior Pastor of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) wing of the… July 15, 2019 In "News" The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) have decided to go contrary to their earlier decision of staying away from the rape issue surrounding senior pastor of COZA as they are to investigate the matter. Speaking on the issue, President of CAN; Reverend Samson Ayokunle, condemned the action, adding that the… June 30, 2019 In "Gists" Tribune Online Fatoyinbo v Dakolo: CAN condemns rape, to meet PFN, as groups mobilise for protest to COZA today The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has condemned any case of rape in strong terms, saying it doesn’t matter who is involved. CAN president, Rev Samson Ayokunle, who gave the condemnation… June 30, 2019 In "News"