 Raymond Ozoji Awka – Dr. Chike Obidigbo immediate past chairman of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) and chairman Hardis and Dromedas Manufacturing Company says Nigerian government is not interested in creating job opportunities for the citizenry rather it is only interested in the sharing of the proceeds from sale of oil in the Niger Delta region of the country. He stated this at the weekend in Agulu Anaocha Council Area of Anambra State while responding to questions from journalists on the roadmap to addressing unemployment issues in the country shortly after an event. Obidigbo said the country is faced with an extreme danger of severe unemployment situations and that the government of the federation was not showing signs of being responsible and responsive to the plight of the unemployed class. The Anambra-born business mogul maintained that the roadmap was dark because the government was not helping manufacturers to thrive to enable them to employ more people to reduce the menace of joblessness even as he observed that more than half of Nigerians were unemployed and extremely poor. He said “today the centre for statistics in Nigeria will tell you that there are 30 million unemployed youths but its not true. I know that more than half of Nigerians are unemployed. Even amongst the other half; half of that half is not sustainably gainfully employed. It is only people that are in very top positions in government that work in this country. And only they too that enjoy the fruits that are collected for this country.” According to him, the organised private sector has very little contributions to make in the country because he believed that the top leadership is deaf and dumb pointing out that they would not be affected by the implementation of the new national minimum wage saying that nobody will dictate to him what he will pay those in his employ. Obidigbo said the government always thinks of wage and salary increase but according to him, there is something more fundamental which he said was productivity level. He said wage and salary increase will only breed inflation and that the government should focus more on production and productivity. The Hardis and Dromedas chairman observed that an increase in salary should go paripasu with a commensurate increase in a production emphasizing that the success of any administration hinged on economic productivity as well as the number of people employed. The post Nigerian Government Only Interested In Oil Proceeds, Not In Employment Creation — Industrialist  Source: Independent