 Gianluigi Buffon Widely recognised as a top rated poker player in the gambling world, the goalkeeper for Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) can be often seen rubbing shoulders with the biggest poker players at major poker events, in different parts of the world. While it cannot be denied that the goalie is still going strong in front of the net after parting ways with Juventus, you can expect him a lot more around the poker tables in the future once he calls it a day on the football field. Considering the fact that a lot of soccer predictions websites still back him in almost every PSG game is a proof that Buffon has a good amount of time remaining on the football field.  Neymar Buffon’s teammate at PSG, Neymar is another famous footballer who is frequently spotted at major poker tournaments and never shies away from the public eye when he’s playing a hand or two. The fact that in 2018, the striker finished in 6th position in a major Brazilian tournament out of 280+ poker players, tells a lot about his capabilities with the cards. We could very well see him pursuing it as more of an alternative career in the future. Floyd Mayweather The legendary boxer Floyd Mayweather doesn’t come across as a serious gambler considering that he has several world titles in 5 weight categories under his belt, and can be seen taking part in record money fights every now and then. However, you’ll often see Floyd showcasing his lifestyle and possessions on Instagram. Many of his posts are actually about his love for gambling. He often bets on major sports events and posts his tickets’ pictures online for everyone to see.  Wayne Rooney Currently employed by the DC United in MLS, Wayne Rooney is a household name all over the Europe. People remember him for his amazing performances with Manchester United from the year 2004 to 2017. Being a popular football player, his love for gambling didn’t stay hidden from the masses for very long. Rooney has been gambling since the early 20s when he would frequently bet on soccer, dogs and horses. Michael Jordan Who doesn’t know Michael Jordan?! The greatest basketball player of all time, he also owns the Charlotte Hornets basketball team and the Nike Jordan Brand. You can often spot him gambling at golf courses and casinos, backing his favourite players and indulging in his favourite casino games.   The post Top 5 sports athletes that are well-known for their love of gaming appeared first on . Source: 36Ng