Nollywood stars gathered at Silverbird Galleria in Lagos to celebrate with Blessing Egbe for the premiere of her new movie – The Ten Virgins. Written and produced by Blessing, the movie is an adaptation of “the Biblical parable of the Ten Virgins told in a quaint manner with plenty of music and dance and much suspense as well.” “Ten Virgin maidens who are betrothed to a great Prince, must remain faithful and untainted whilst he is away on a seemingly unending journey. What happens next?” Blessing says “The characters in this story are highly symbolic. It metaphorically portrays and represents the biblical parable of The Ten Virgins. The Prince symbolises Christ; The Virgins signify The Church Universal; The Engagement mirrors The devotion of Christians; while The Wait portrays Man’s Entire Race” Stephanie Linus, Kate Henshaw, Kiki Omeili, Adaora Ukoh were among the guests at the premiere. Se photos below: Blessing Egbe  Kate Henshaw  Stephanie Linus Kiki Omeili Adaora Ukoh Leelee Byoma Chidike Okeke Osereme Inegbenebor Blessed Effiong Toluwa Wumi Chidera Makatah Chidera Makatah  The post Stephanie Linus, Kate Henshaw, Kiki Omeili attend Premiere of Blessing Egbe’s “The Ten Virgins” appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Movie star Rita Dominic celebrated her birthday recently. To mark the special day, Rita Dominic had a birthday dinner that was attended by so many of her celebrity friends and colleagues. We spotted Adebola Williams, Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, Dakore Egbuson-Akande, Nse Ikpe-Etim, Nonso Bassey, Beverly Naya, Bolanle Olukanni, Mildred Okwo, Yolande… July 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" The Nollywood Travel Film Festival (NTFF) is an initiative that seeks to promote films by Nigerians living all over the world to new and existing global audiences with the aim of creating new market places for Nigerian cinema. Now in its second edition, the festival this time will beam a… October 3, 2018 In "News" "Picture Perfect," a movie by Tope Alake, premiered at the recent edition of Nolly Thursdays. Check out photos from the event. "Picture Perfect," a comedy drama by Tope Alake, premiered at the latest edition of Nolly Thursdays, with its cast and crew as special guests.The premiere held on Thursday, June… July 7, 2017 In "Entertainment"