Tribune Online
More injuries on the afflicted NIGERIA is not an escort contracted for momentary satisfaction. Nigeria is a nation with right to competent leadership. But it is persistently wracked by incompetent leadership. To say the least, the wounds and the scars are manifest in most political considerations and appointments in the country. The ministerial list recently released is a proof of the rotten wounds of Nigeria. And to heal the wound, the political leadership needs to be healed first. The recent ministerial list is a needle in the heart of the nation. The extent of its affliction is evident in the quality of people so appointed as ministers: men and women who in the past either personally or through their political progenies had their teeth set on the soul of the nation’s resources. They deepen the nation’s wound by serving it more afflictions with their selfishness and incompetence. Yet, they made the list to minister to the needs of the nation. Incontestably, the nation remains at the receiving end. The opinion of most Nigerians on the subject matter shows outright dissatisfaction with the list. The nation through the list is either set to top the scale of progressive nations of the world or take the lead into underdevelopment. The quality of persons who manage the affairs of the people through the government determines to a great extent the progress and global status of that nation. The list triggers several issues. Among them are issues of competence, sincerity of purpose and inclusion. For us as a nation, competence, capacity and character should be the major determinants of such appointments. Anything to the contrary is a bridge too narrow for the nation to cross. The place of competence in political appointment is solemn and sacred. Competence must take precedence over convenience and loyalty. Nigeria is a nation with a right to enjoy solutions to its lingering problems. Persons appointed therefore must possess the requisite capacity, character and competence to meet the needs of the nation. On this note, the measures adopted to weigh the competence of these individuals taking stock of their past performances must be foolproof. Or are they appointed or reappointed for holding the jaws of opposition parties down during the last general election or on a compensatory basis? For whatever reason, Nigeria definitely bears the brunt. Importantly, in whose interest were these people appointed? The list somehow shows a clear picture of a group of people who are warming up for different positions in their respective states come 2023, familiar faces who have been appointed to stylishly ice the cake of 2023 presidential ambition of some party stalwarts, persons whose political godfathers or intending political beneficiaries of such appointment either in a bid to strengthen their political or economic dynasty were convincing enough to have seen their names top the list. In all these considerations, the interest of the nation is supreme. And there is no sufficient justification for sacrificing the interest of the nation on any reliquary. It suffices to say that Nigerians are being dribbled and fooled by persons whose personal interest is antithetical to the national interest. In this light, the future political ambitions of party members must be consciously considered before such appointments are made. The nation is often plagued by the elephantine insensitivity and greed of these handful persons while casting national interest into the swine of doom. These category of persons are served by the nation rather than serving the nation. Nigerians must decide the end of this cycle of deceit. What about those whose sins are young age and competence? These set of people are constantly sentenced to prison of exclusion in matters of national interest. With the enactment of the “Not Too Young to Run Act”, the youths deserve adequate representation in national governance. But for being young, competent, innovative and unfamiliar with holders of power, they do not deserve ministerial positions; politicians believe. This issue however, is a matter for another day. The interest of the people must form the fulcrum of any political appointment. A leader must be conscious of the needs of the people. No doubt, there are few good eggs in the recent ministerial list. We hope for the best from these few persons if they remain uninfected with the virus of negative influence from their counterparts.  What could be more treasonable than willful submission to mediocrity and backwardness orchestrated by sentiment and pot-bellied loyalty? Hardly does any nation progress amidst perennial rituals of putting round pegs in square holes. It is expected that the progressive ideology of a party must be reflected in its appointments, policy formulation and decision making. Let us heal our nation.   More injuries on the afflicted  Source: Tribune