 Lagos – A member of the House of Representatives, Mufutau Egberongbe, has called the attention of the Lagos State governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to the impending disaster in Apapa and other areas of the state as a result of issues with the ‘System 5’ drainage. Egberongbe also urged the Speakers of the House of Representatives and Lagos State House of Assembly, Femi Gbajabiamila and Mudashiru Obasa respectively, to urgently rescue the situation to avoid unexpected flooding and spread of diseases. In a statement from his media office in Lagos, he explained that “there is a need for these leaders to, as a matter of urgency, assist in clearing the ‘System 5’ drain. “This drain travels from Onilegogoro in the Surulere area through Gasikiya Road in Apapa Iganmu and leads to the drain by Government Press in Ajeromi local government area. “It will be appreciated if the drain is cleared during this raining season to stem incidences of flooding and mitigate against polio-related ailments now that we propagate preventive health care,” the statement added. The lawmaker noted that his decision to call the attention of the state governor, the House of Representatives and state Assembly speakers to the danger lurking around the parts of Lagos was because of their zeal and passion for humanity and development of the state. According to him, it is necessary to prevent what can later become an emergency. He appealed to Speaker Gbajabiamila to help call on the federal agencies to partner with the Lagos state government in order to immediately and easily clear the drain as well as others in such condition across the state. It can be recalled that Hon Egberongbe recently called for the reactivation of the railway system in Apapa to ease the movement of goods from the port in the area to other parts of the country as part of measures to resolve the traffic bottlenecks around the area. The lawmaker, who urged the officials at the port to engage the use of modern cargo tracking equipment and scanners for their operations, had added: “I want to ask that they should accelerate the issue of the port ongoing in Badagry and that of the Lekki Free Trade zone for the decongestion of the Apapa while, in the long run, the railway and the water transportation facilities in the state should be rejuvenated The post Rep Raises Alarm Over Impending Flood In Lagos Source: Independent LAGOS – Hon. Mufutau Egberongbe, a member of the House of Representatives, has called on the Federal Government to scrap the 774 local governments as presently constituted in the 1999 Constitution and allow state government to decide the number they want. Egberongbe, representing Apapa Federal Constituency in Lagos State, explained that… July 21, 2019 In "News" Residents of Lekki, Victoria Island and Ikoyi in Lagos have launched a collaborative effort to save arguably Africa’s most prime real estate enclave from flooding, ‘FEMI ASU writes Jolted by the recent massive flooding caused by torrential rains, residents of Lekki, Victoria Island and Ikoyi have formed a coalition to… July 31, 2017 In "News" Abia is among the 16 states slated to benefit from the N1.6 billion Federal Government Flood Intervention Fund. Heavy flooding has severely ravaged at least 46 communities in Abia, killing two children, an official of the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) has said.Mr Sunny Jackson, the Head, Planning, Forecasting and… August 15, 2017 In "News"