 Davido has congratulated every Nigerian & African artiste that has appeared on Beyonce’s newly released album, “Lion King, The Gift Album.” The music superstar just some minutes ago, took to his Instagram story to congratulate his Nigerian and African music colleagues for being on the album and as well revealed that being on the project is a massive achievement for African music. He wrote; “Congrats to all my brothers and sisters involved in this project!! One for the books.”  You all would definitely be aware of the rave the album has been having especially here in Africa since it dropped yesterday as some of the continent’s music superstars featured in it. Wizkid, Burna Boy, Tekno, Mr Eazi, Ghanaian artiste; Shatta Wale, Yemi Alade and Tiwa Savage all played a huge part it in the project, a massive reason Davido has lauded their efforts.  The post Davido Congratulates Wizkid, Burna Boy & Others For Efforts On Beyonce’s New Album; “Lion King: The Gift Album” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv The newly released Beyonce album; “Lion King, The Gift Album” just got released and it is causing already insane reactions here in Africa, Nigeria especially. The reason for this reactions is pretty simple, and it is because some of the biggest African music superstars have been featured on the album,… July 19, 2019 In "Music/Video" Beyonce dropped her new album in the early hours of today titled ‘The Lion King: The Gift’ with twenty-seven (27) songs as well as featuring a number of African artistes. The album is already trending worldwide with music lovers making predictions of Grammy nominations and wins. The album which features… July 19, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tribune Online Beyonce’s ‘The gift’ album, ‘Lion King’ soundtrack feature Africa’s best Beyonce has produced a new body of work which may as well project Afrobeats into the mainstream US music scene and the global market! This week, Disney released ‘The Lion King’ soundtrack, produced by Beyonce featuring American and… July 19, 2019 In "News"