 He is the ever grandstanding MD/CEO of first generation bank, Union Bank Plc., but Emeka Emuwa shed this toga of executive status last week when on Saturday, July 6, he led Union Bank employees (#TeamUnion) out on the streets of Lagos, Kaduna, Anambra and seven other states, for a clean-up exercise as part of activities to mark the Bank’s Employees Volunteer Day (#UBNEVDay.) The program was put together to drive social impact and to also commemorate the Union Bank Employees Mark Volunteer Day. Many who saw the CEO holding brooms and frantically sweeping the streets and carrying garbage and dirt from one end to the other were astounded at the kind of good example he was laying for his staff, some of whom would have seen the exercise as a degrading one. But that was not to be for the head honcho of the bank, as he puts in all his verve to ensure a super clean environment in all the areas he participated and even made sure other workers did not show any sign of tiredness during the exercise, of course since they were not used to this kind of activity, even at home. #UBNEVDay provides an avenue for employees to give back to their communities through various projects and activities that drive positive social change in their host communities. This year, the exercise took place in 15 locations across the six geo-political regions of the country with more than 1,200 employees participating in the initiative along with their family and friends. Mr. Emuwa said the bank has a clear mission to play an active role in the development of the society as a sustainability champion, and Union Bank is proud of its employees’ involvement as they continue to lead the charge for social responsibility. The post Emeka Emuwa Leads By Example Source: Independent On Saturday, July 6th, Union Bank employees (#TeamUnion), led by the Chief Executive Officer, Emeka Emuwa, turned out on the streets of Lagos, Kaduna, Anambra and seven other states, for a clean-up exercise as part of activities to mark the Bank’s Employee Volunteer Day (#UBNEVDay). #UBNEVDay provides an avenue for… July 9, 2019 In "Entertainment" Following earlier  regional celebrations in Edo, Kano, Rivers and Osun states, as part of year-long activities to mark its centenary anniversary, Union Bank of Nigeria Plc celebrated with its customers and other stakeholders in Abuja, Oyo and Enugu states in appreciation of their commitment and support over the years. The… October 12, 2017 In "News" Union Bank recently held the first edition of its annual education fair, Edu360 in Lagos. Stakeholders from across the education ecosystem including teachers, parents, schools, investors, students and other key participants were in attendance. From Right- Chief Digital and Innovation Officer, Union Bank, Lola Cardoso; Co-Founder Verod Capital, Eric Idiahi;… October 29, 2018 In "News"