Tribune Online
Reading political meaning to my appointment is immaterial —Berje, first female CPS Mary Noel Berje, the new Chief Press Secretary (CPS) to Niger State Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Bello, was, until her appointment, a senior editorial staff of the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA), Minna, and chairperson of the state chapter of the Nigeria Association of Women Journalists (NAWOJ). In this interview with ADELOWO OLADIPO, the only female CPS in the country speaks about her new assignment and what people of Niger State should expect.  YOU grew up in Niger State. How was growing up for you? I had my primary school in Minna, Niger State. Then, the school was called LEA, but now, it is called IBB Primary School, Minna. From there, I went to Benin where I had my secondary school education at the Federal Government Girls College, Benin City. Then, it was in Bendel State. From there, I did some little work, trying to gain admission to the university. I had to relax for about three years to make up my papers; and after that, I went to read Mass Communications at the University of Jos, Plateau State, where I graduated in 1994. I was in school for that long as a result of strikes and all that. So, after my graduation from the university, I had a stint of Public Relations (PR) job with the defunct Nigeria Telecommunications Limited (NITEL) for about a year or so. I later got this work with NTA as a presenter. I had gone through presenting a few programmes. There was a programme that my boss then, Mrs. Marcel Iwalefo, used to present. Each time she went on leave, I stood in for her. She taught me a lot about presentation, when I was at NTA. I met her as a producer. I used to stand in for her in programmes like “Let’s Talk About It.” I also did “Kiddies Corner,” a children’s programme. I later got to presenting news. I read news for over 19 years. So, prior to my appointment by Governor Bello as his CPS, I also doubled as a reporter. I was on the reportorial for so long. Then, in a short while, I began to sit on the desk doing editing. I have been a producer, editor, presenter and, perhaps, everything in broadcasting. What breast sucking does for marriage What about marital life? I am married to Mr. Noel Berje, an indigene of Niger State. He is from Egwa in Shiroro Local Government Area of the state. We have three kids and they are all doing well.  Can it be said that broadcasting has always been in your family? Yes, my father was a broadcaster, but he was much more of an activist. I am a Gbagyi woman from Chanchaga Local Government Area of Niger State. My father moved in to Minna about 1942. So, we are of the Gbagyi tribe and you know the disadvantaged status of my people. My late father, as an activist, used to be mad at them, as a result of certain complex exhibited by my people. He wanted to get this out of them, to try in his own little way to reduce illiteracy among them. He usually said when something belongs to you, you need to own it. My late father was more of an activist and, honestly, I have a bit of him. I don’t feel comfortable being associated with other tribes; I feel insulted and I feel there is nothing wrong with my people. They are my people and I love them. I just wish they can understand that. They own themselves and they can stand up for themselves. I know there was a time I wanted to play the role my father was playing as a champion of the Gbagyi ethnic group. I am not relenting, because that is where I belong. I feel I should be able to seek for the improvement of the people’s lives.  Did your father influence your reading Mass Communications? No, honestly, it is just a question of destiny, because I knew all along I wanted to study something like Law, since I knew my area of strength when I was in secondary school. I kept failing Mathematics in the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) Ordinary Level examinations. I felt I just needed five credit passes in the relevant subjects like English Language, Literature in English, Economics, History and Bible Knowledge, to read Law at the university then. And I was looking for things like that, but at the end of the day, this is where I found myself; it’s God’s doing. And, honestly, I have no regrets. That is why they say if God destines and it comes to pass, He would do it in a perfect way. So, it is the perfect will of God for me.  Can you remember some of the challenges you have been confronted with in journalism? Well, I wish we can really change the face of journalism. It is a very interesting and highly respected profession by global standards. But for one reason or the other, we are not having it that way yet in Nigeria. But then, I don’t know if it is our fault as journalists or it is the system we find ourselves operating in. If it is our fault, we need to have a shift. If it is the society that is faulty, it needs to shift too, so that we can find a balance and make journalism a profession that it should be. The challenges affecting the effectiveness of the job are these: If you are in the electronics medium, most of the electronics media houses have obsolete equipment, nonfunctional equipment; and training and retraining are no longer there that much. If you are in the prints media, working equipment are not there and gone are the days they gave us branded vehicles to take us to places of assignment, with drivers employed to drive the vehicles. At the moment, you are looked at by the security agents and the organisations you are going to for coverage of assignment with lack of respect. My first print job was with the then National Concord newspapers. I remember vividly that when we had assignments, we had a vehicle to take us. You would not need to take from the little money that you had on you, because there was something earmarked for you to work with. You were ready to go to the nooks and crannies of the society to bring out stories. And for Heaven’s sake, in every society, there is appreciation. We should do things with dignity. If you cannot afford to give me anything, no problem, because it is more appreciated when I hear ‘thank you’ from you. There is nothing I want more than ‘thank you’ from you. It is better than you just looking at me and bringing out a meager amount of money, thinking this is all I deserve or it is why I am doing it. No, this job has gone beyond that. There is a need for us as journalists to respect this noble profession and there is need for the society to equally respect it so that we can all get the best of it. The media, I must say, is a very expensive venture, and going into it, you just know that you need a lot of funds. So, in whatever department you find yourself, under whatever media house, your employer and you, the service provider, need to do what is expected of both of you to get the best out of you. We don’t have insurance; and journalists in this country have died for no just cause and nothing has really come out of it. So, it is painful. And that is why, at times, I realise that journalists behave aggressively, because there are pains they go through in carrying out their assignments. There are some professions that one would not practise unless with a vehicle. Journalism should be rated in that category of professions; every journalist needs to be protected. This is how I see it.  Can you say the profession has prepared you very well for your present position as CPS to the governor? When we talk about destiny, everything is in the hands of God. Just as I said, I never knew I would be a journalist. I did not really anticipate being appointed as spokesperson to the governor. There are times I don’t even know what to say. But as I said earlier, I have the blood of an activist. Honestly, I was surprised by the appointment, because this office is [strategic]. I am just seeing the magnitude of the work ahead. But thank God, I am a member of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) where we had a stint of Public Relations. If one should add the knowledge earned from one end to the other, with that and the experiences I have gathered as an NTA staff, it is ok. Most of all, with the support of my principal and my colleagues, I think it will be better for us, because this is our state. It is not about Mary Berje; it is about all of us.  How do you want to make a difference, as CPS? I believe that God who gave Governor Bello the wisdom to appoint me will make the difference. And your support, as I keep saying, would make me make the difference. If you and our colleagues could give me all the support that I need, I think there will be a difference. But if we keep crying wolf, as some people like doing, I doubt if it would make any difference.  Wouldn’t you consider your appointment as being used by the governor to placate the Gbagyi ethnic group and the Christian community in the state who are seen in certain quarters as marginalised? For me, this is an act of God. People who know me know that I don’t play with my religion and my tribe. My people are my people and I see everyone as one, because what really binds us in life and before God is love. If you practise any religion and you don’t exude love, you are on your own, because whatever you are doing is not for God. So, whichever way this question is seen, all I have to say is ‘let God be God.’ He will remain God. I have to tell you that since my appointment was made public by Governor Bello, I have received calls even from people I didn’t expect. As far as I am concerned, I have the backing of my religious fathers in the state. The governor, who assigned me, for whatever reason, would be put on his toes and we will all do it together for the betterment of the state. Reading political meaning to my appointment is immaterial —Berje, first female CPS
Tribune Online Source: Tribune Minna – For the first time in the 37 years existence of the state, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello has approved the appointment of a member of the National Association of Women Journalists (NAWOJ), Mrs. Mary Noel Berje as his Chief Press Secretary (CPS). Berje who until her appointment is a staff… June 28, 2019 In "News" The Speaker of Niger State House of Assembly, Alhaji Ahmed Marafa, said the All Progressive Congress (APC)-led government in the state was the best thing to happen to the state. Marafa told newsmen on Friday in Minna that the achievements of the government in two years was unequalled by any… July 7, 2017 In "News" A member of the Niger State House of Assembly, Mr Malik Madaki, on Saturday faulted the alleged lopsided appointments in the state by Gov. Abubakar Bello. Madaki, who represents Bosso state constituency, expressed his displeasure over recent appointments while speaking to newsmen in Minna. According to him, appointments into political… September 30, 2017 In "News"