 Real Madrid signed Hazard in a marque transfer worth up to £130 million. He enjoyed a glittering career in England with Chelsea, but he’ll now call Madrid home, According to Sportbible.com. Hazard has excited Zinedine Zidane and fans alike following his performances in training. However, Marcelo doesn’t think he’s better than Neymar. “Eden’s a top player,” Marcelo said in a recent interview. “A player of high quality and, like Neymar, has the quality to be in the top five. “He’s impressive, you cannot compare them, but Neymar is better for me. “Neymar is an unpredictable player, very difficult to control. When the defender has imagined a movement to anticipate, he has already thought of another, and this is impossible to defend. “Having Neymar in Real Madrid would be a huge pleasure, but I’m not the one who decides. Neymar is a great player and Real Madrid always has to do everything to bring the best players in the world,” he added. Neymar continues to attract interest from Barcelona in view to a sensational return to Spain after initial interest from Real Madrid. The Brazilian attacker has spent just two seasons in Paris but his days in the French capital appear to be numbered. Barcelona remain in the market for another attacker, despite signing Antoine Griezmann for £107 million, with Neymar high on the club’s transfer wish list. The La Liga champions have offered a reported £90 million plus two players, which includes the likes of Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele. Will Neymar move back to the Camp Nou? Watch this space. The post Marcelo Says Neymar Is Better Than Hazard Source: Independent Real Madrid defender, Marcelo, has said that he prefers Brazil team-mate Neymar to Eden Hazard. Neymar joined PSG from Barcelona in 2017, but the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the club all summer. Madrid have already made some big signings of their own, having added Eder… July 20, 2019 In "News" Neymar has named Sergio Ramos as the best player he’s ever played against, According to Squawka.com. The Brazilian often came up against the Real Madrid skipper when he was at Barcelona in the El Clasico. Speaking at a Q&A, Neymar said: “The best player I’ve faced? Sergio Ramos. Because he’s… July 20, 2019 In "News" Real Madrid president Florentino Perez has encouraged Neymar to make a move to the Santiago Bernabeu after claiming the former Barcelona star would have a better chance of winning the Ballon D’Or with Los Blancos than at Paris Saint-Germain. The Brazil international only moved to the Ligue 1 giants in… December 8, 2017 In "News"