Lashana Lynch British actress Lashana Lynch is taking over from James Bond as the new 007 at MI6 in the 25th movie in the franchise. According to The Mail, who quoted a “movie insider,” Lashana Lynch is the new character who takes over Daniel Craig‘s secret agent number after he left the British intelligence agency. The source says the stories begins with Bond retired in Jamaica before he was called by spymaster M (Ralph Fiennes) who calls him back to help tackle a new global crisis. The source continued: There is a pivotal scene at the start of the film where M says ‘Come in 007’, and in walks Lashana who is black, beautiful and a woman. It’s a popcorn-dropping moment. Bond is still Bond but he’s been replaced as 007 by this stunning woman. Bond, of course, is sexually attracted to the new female 007 and tries his usual seduction tricks, but is baffled when they don’t work on a brilliant, young black woman who basically rolls her eyes at him and has no interest in jumping into his bed. Well, certainly not at the beginning. According to the source, the phrase ‘Bond girls’ is now forbidden. “We were all told that from now on they are to be addressed as ‘Bond women’,” the source added. MONTEGO BAY, JAMAICA – APRIL 25: Cast member Lashana Lynch attends the “Bond 25” film launch at Ian Fleming’s home “GoldenEye” on April 25, 2019 in Montego Bay, Jamaica. 31-year old Lynch had her breakthrough role as the fighter pilot Maria Rambeau in Captain Marvel, released earlier this year. Lynch made her debut in the 2011 drama Fast Girls, and has also appeared in Silent Witness and Death In Paradise. She was also a regular cast member on the 2015 BBC show Crims. She also played Rosaline Capulet in the ABC period drama series Still Star-Crossed, set after the deaths of Romeo and Juliet. Photo Credit: Slaven Vlasic/Getty Images for Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures The post A Black Woman is the New 007! Meet Lashana Lynch, who’s Replacing James Bond at MI6 in Upcoming Movie appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija