 Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain, Chief Sunny Onuesoke has berated aggrieved Delta indigenes that have been protesting over non-appointments. He stressed that their agitation for political appointments is not a yardstick for measuring development in their environment, adding that it is better to agitate for more development than asking for appointments that would touch the lives of few people. Onuesoke who made the statement in Warri, Delta State while reacting to protests over appointments from the different tribes in Delta State said such protests are uncalled for hence the Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa had made salient appointments which spread equitably across the different tribes of the state and it is expected that more appointments will still roll in. While urging Deltans to exercise patients that more appointments would still roll in as assured by Governor Okowa, he stated that Okowa had already made salient appointments recently, adding that as promised by him many more appointments will be made and it will be done equitably to all. Onuesoke argued that it would have been better for Deltans to agitate for development from Governor Okowa than demanding for appointments that might not spread to all, but few. He added that if it is a development that had to do with the provision of good roads, health facilities, education, industrialisation, and provision of jobs it will touch the majority of the lives of people of Delta State. “ Although Okowa had achieved a lot in job creations hence his government had created over 20,000 jobs, it would have been better to ask the Governor to create programmes that will generate more jobs, build more roads, housing projects, education, and health among others than agitating for appointments. The post Political Appointments Not Yardstick For Development – Onuesoke  Source: Independent Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chieftain, Chief Sunny Onuesoke has faulted tribal inflammatory statements over recent appointments made by Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa. In a statement on Friday, Delta State government announced the appointment of Hon Chiedu Ebie as Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Olorogun David Edevbie as… June 2, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Tenure take-off: Govs draw battle line with predecessors THE gulf that existed before the May 29, 2019 handover date between state governors and their predecessors has further widened, with the former dismantling major inherited administrative structures from last Wednesday. This is even as some returned governors are still… June 2, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online Undercurrents of political power sharing in states STATE governors are gradually settling down after their inauguration on May 29. They have made a number of key appointments as evidence that they have hit the ground running in their respective domains. However, they are appointments that fall within the… June 16, 2019 In "News"