 Jurgen Klopp’s agent has admitted his client would like to manage the German national team one day, but insists he is currently more than happy at Liverpool. Klopp is one of the most in-demand managers in world football due to his sensational work at Anfield that culminated in the Reds winning the Champions League last month and finishing last season with 97 points. He has been linked with Juventus and Real Madrid this summer, rumours he himself dismissed as bull****, but agent Marc Kosicke believes the German job could be the one to lure him away from Anfield in future. Jurgen himself once said that in the event that Joachim Low someday no longer wants to be the national coach and it would be possible for him do that, this is an option for him,’ he told German outlet Welt In the summer of 2016 Klopp and his coaching staff signed six-year extensions to their deals keeping them at Liverpool until 2022 and there is no suggestion he is considering quitting before that expires. Kosicke admits his client has no desire to leave Liverpool before his deal runs out and it would be hard for a club to pay the funds required to bring him away. He added: ‘Liverpool would even like to extend it (his current contract). ‘He felt again at the recent celebrations [after winning the Champions League] what a great club Liverpool is and that he is in the right place at the right time. ‘Jurgen is currently not affordable. But it is difficult to measure the transfer fee in his case anyway. ‘How is this going to work for a coach who has increased the club’s value from nearly £900 million to just under £2.8billion? That is not how it works.’ It was reported by the The Sun on Saturday night that Liverpool fears Klopp’s concerns of burning out will prevent him from signing a new deal. Klopp is believed to earn around £7million a year and Fenway Sports Group have made an approach to raise his salary to £10m following Liverpool’s Champions League triumph. Club owners are keen to reward Klopp with another six-year deal extension worth £60m, which would also ward off any raid from their European rivals. The post Jurgen Klopp’s Agent Admits His Client Would like To Manage Germany appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Philippe Coutinho is said to be undertaking a “training protest” at Liverpool as he tries to force his £100million move to Barcelona, according to Yahoo Sports. The Brazil international, 25, has told Kop boss Jurgen Klopp he wishes to leave Anfield this summer to be Neymar’s replacement. And now, Coutinho… August 8, 2017 In "News" Liverpool's English striker Daniel Sturridge celebrates scoring the opening goal during the English League Cup third round football match between Liverpool and Chelsea at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on September 26, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Paul ELLIS / It was a sight that just a few months… October 2, 2018 In "News" Liverpool great Phil Thompson believes Jurgen Klopp should take defender Dejan Lovren out of the firing line against Huddersfield Town following his headline-making struggles in Sunday’s loss to Tottenham. Spurs ran out 4-1 winners over Klopp’s men at Wembley on Sunday, with Lovren substituted in the first half after his… October 26, 2017 In "Sports"