 Lagos – Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences Unit (Task Force), has impounded 21 vehicles and arrested 9 offenders involved in driving against traffic. This was disclosed in a statement made available to newsmen by Adebayo Taofiq, the Head of Public Affairs Unit, Lagos State Task Force. According to the statement, the enforcement team, which was led by the Chairman of Lagos State Task Force, Olayinka Egbeyemi, impounded these vehicles around Cele and Iyana Isolo Bus Stops along Oshodi-Apapa Expressway. Egbeyemi was quoted in the statement as saying that there have been complaints from motorists and residents that activities of these one-way drivers were causing serious traffic gridlock on a daily basis along that axis. According to him, “These 21 one-way impounded vehicles and 9 arrested drivers ran into our enforcement team while we were returning from a demolition exercise at Eric Moore and Orile-Iganmu along Lagos-Badagry Expressway. “Honestly speaking, it is painful that with a high level of enlightenment campaigns and several warnings by the government, motorists including private car owners can still be driving against the flow of traffic in such a long magnitude thereby blocking on-coming vehicles to a standstill at Iyana-Isolo.” Egbeyemi, however, advised the other 12 drivers who are already at large to immediately report to the Agency for prosecution or risk arrest and losing their vehicles. The statement further disclosed that the nine arrested drivers have been arraigned before Magistrate Salau Omobola of the Lagos State Mobile Court for driving in the direction prohibited by law (one-way) punishable under Part (III) item 27 of the ‘Transport Sector’ of Lagos State 2018. “Magistrate Omobola pronounced outright forfeiture of their vehicles to the State government after the defendants (drivers) admitted being guilty to the one-way traffic offence charged against them. “As part of the judgment, the court also pronounced a ’20-hour Community Service’ as additional punishment to individual arraigned driver,” the statement added. The post Traffic Offense: Lagos Impounds 21 Vehicles, Arrests 9 Offenders  Source: Independent