Tribune Online
NAFEST 2019: Culture chiefs tour Benin City TO ensure a successful 2019 National Festival of Arts and Culture (NAFEST), the management of the National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC) and Chief Executives of Culture will visit the host state, Edo, from July 8 to 12. The purpose of the weeklong visit to Benin City, according to the Director General of the NCAC, Chief Segun Runsewe, is to ascertain the state’s preparedness for the national festival of unity as well as build support for it from other key players and partners. Ooni, Tinubu, Babatope, Fayemi, Owolade, Omisore react to Osun verdict With ‘Our Royalty, Our Pride’ as its theme, this year’s NAFEST will start on October 19 and is being supported by the palace of the Oba of Benin, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpolo, Ewuare II. Speaking ahead of the facility tour, Runsewe expressed confidence that Benin will experience a historic NAFEST embellished in royal splendour as the NCAC in collaboration with the Edo State government is leaving no stone unturned for a successful outing. He also anticipated a successful Technical Committee Meeting featuring culture commissioners and directors of arts council/history bureau of the 36 states and FCT where arrangements for the culture fiesta would be firmed up. NAFEST 2019: Culture chiefs tour Benin City
Tribune Online Source: Tribune As art lovers and culture enthusiasts across the country prepare to participate in the 2019 edition of the National Festival for Arts and Culture (NAFEST) scheduled to hold in Benin City, the Edo State capital, the state government has intensified sensitisation of local exhibitors. Commissioner for Arts, Culture, Tourism and… July 2, 2019 In "News" BY ISAIAH BENJAMIN, Kaduna All is set for the 30th edition of the National Festival of Arts and Culture (NAFEST) which opening ceremony holds in Kaduna tomorrow. At a press briefing addressed by the Director General National Council of Arts and Culture of Nigeria (NCAC) Otunba Gbenga Runsewe said the edition… October 29, 2017 In "News" THE 2018 edition of the National Festival of Arts and Culture, tagged NAFEST Rivers 2018, will kick off tomorrow in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. According to a statement by the Festival Media/Publicity Committee, the advanced teams from all the states of the federation arrived Port Harcourt, the Garden… October 19, 2018 In "News"