 The baby of a pregnant 26 year old woman who was stabbed to death in London on Saturday has also died, police said on Wednesday. Kelly Mary Fauvrelle was approximately eight months pregnant when she was killed at a residential address in London’s Thornton Heath area. Her child was delivered at the scene of the murder and taken to hospital in critical condition, London’s Metropolitan Police said. “This morning we heard the sad news that baby boy, Riley, the son of murdered Kelly Mary Fauvrelle, has died in hospital,” the police tweeted. “Our thoughts remain with his family.” The police said earlier that officers had arrested a 37 year old man on suspicion of murder.
On Wednesday, they released CCTV footage of another man they “wish to trace” in connection with the murder. Mick Norman, of the force’s Homicide and Serious Crime Command, said in an earlier statement. “At the forefront of our enquiries is to understand what exactly has led to these tragic circumstances, and we are doing everything we can to establish the facts.” The post Baby Of Murdered Pregnant Woman Dies  Source: Independent Cyril Okoro, said the pastor has been arrested in connection with the murder of three persons – two women and a nine-month-old girl. A pastor, Chidiebere Okoroafor, has reportedly confessed to killing his girlfriend, her baby and another church member in Afam, Rivers state.The Rivers State, deputy commissioner of police,… February 24, 2018 In "News" The Plateau Police Command on Thursday confirmed the arrest of a 40-year-old man, Victor Dashit, who allegedly strangled his eight months pregnant wife, Irene. “Victor is in our custody and investigation is on-going. We shall soon take him to court,” its spokesman, Terna Tyopev, said in Jos. He said that… July 6, 2017 In "News" The suspect is currently in police custody while the victim has been taken to an undisclosed hospital and is receiving proper medical attention. One Taiwo Oyelabi has been arrested by the Lagos State Police Command for reportedly impregnating his 21-year-old daughter.According to the reports, the 50-year-old security guard committed the… April 24, 2018 In "News"