 Recently, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared Ebola as Public Health Emergency of International Concern. This means that the world must join forces to help stop the spread of Ebola, especially in African countries like Democratic Republic of Congo, where the disease is biting really hard. So far, the outbreak in DR Congo has killed more than 1,600 people and about 12 new cases are being reported every day. Unfortunately, in this video, Al-Jazeera reports that global response to Ebola has been underfunded so far and health officials are struggling to contain the outbreak. There are fears that the lack of leadership and the political differences on he ground will lead to a greater crisis. In 2014, the crisis was seen as a potential threat to international peace and security, and the UN Security Council met to discuss the situation, but this time around, no such meetings are planned. The Public Health Emergency of International Concern is the highest level of alarm the WHO can sound and has only been used four times previously. Watch the video:  The post UN decries Poor Response to Ebola Crisis in DR Congo appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Tribune Online DRC Ebola outbreak declared public health emergency The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Ebola crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) a public health emergency of international concern. But it stressed borders should not be closed, adding that the risk of the disease spreading outside… July 17, 2019 In "News" Two Democratic Republic of Congo Ebola patients who fled hospital in the city of Mbandaka on Monday attended a prayer meeting with 50 people hours before they died, Jean-Clement Cabrol, an emergency medical coordinator at Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders), said on Thursday. Health officials are scrambling to contain… May 25, 2018 In "News" Ebola should never have made it to Goma, the second biggest city in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo. It did because a pastor, who had been in Butembo apparently trying to cure patients by laying hands on them, then travelled back. At each of the three health… July 19, 2019 In "News"