 A former Minister of Education, Dr Oby Ezekwesili, has reacted to Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo’s decision to step down as the Senior Pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA, over alleged rape allegation from Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola. Pastor Fatoyinbo had in a post on his Instagram page on Monday, announced stepping down from the pulpit following the rape saga. He wrote: “The past few days have been very sobering on me I have taken time to seek spiritual counsel form Christian leaders around the world who feel very concerned about the ongoing report in the media. “I have solicited their guidance on actions I should take that is honouring to our Lord Jesus Christ and the work he has called me to do. “Drawing from their counsel and that of the leadership of COZA and owing to my love for Lord’s work and the sacred honor of my calling I have decided to take a leave of absence from the pulpit of the church.” This came on the heels of protests asking the cleric to step down over the allegations levelled by Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola. The celebrity photographer had alleged that the COZA founder forcefully raped her when she was young. But reacting, Ezekwesili, in a tweet on Monday, said that the pastor’s decision to step down as Senior Pastor of COZA was a “good first step”. The former minister wrote: “This is a good first step. A process that helps fully resolve the saga would be the best Next Step”. The post Oby Ezekwesili Reacts As Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo Steps Down Source: Independent Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, Monday morning stepped down as the senior pastor of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA, over alleged rape allegation by Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola. Pastor Fatoyinbo, in a post on his Instagram page on Monday, announced stepping down from the pulpit following the saga. He wrote: “The past… July 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" Tribune Online BREAKING: Pastor Fatoyinbo steps down, takes leave of absence over Dakolo’s rape allegation The embattled senior pastor of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, has said he is stepping down from the pulpit after a growing protest over Busola Dakolo’s rape allegation. Pastor Fatoyinbo said… July 1, 2019 In "News" Senior Pastor of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Biodun Fatoyinbo, has announced his decision to step down from the pulpit till further notice, after Busola Dakolo accused him of raping her when she was 16. “Owing to my love for God’s work and the sacred honour of my calling, I… July 1, 2019 In "Entertainment"