 About 15 years ago, the competition that occurred in the Nigerian music industry was not overly limited to certain people unlike it is now. During that era, there were a number of artistes who were very big and created keen competition for each other. We had the likes of 2face, D’banj, P-square, 9ice, Darey, Olu Maintain and a few more. However, of all these artistes, there were three who stood out as ultimately the biggest of that era. 2face, D’banj & P-square were certainly the commandants of the Nigerian music industry. Although they were all very big, people still argue a lot when they are obliged to narrow down to one the biggest artiste of that era. This makes a lot of people say 2face was biggest of all, some say it was D’banj while others say it definitely was P-square who was biggest. This therefore has in some way caused an argument over here too, and in a way to help us put the argument to rest and have your opinion on the topic as well, we would like to know who you think was biggest. 2face, D’banj, P-square – Who was the biggest artiste of their era? The post 2face, D’banj, P-Square – Who Was The Biggest Artiste Of Their Era? Source: TooXclusiv The inside story of happenings that affected the Plantashun Boiz's 'Plan B' reunion album released 10 years ago, how much the project cost the marketer and why it flopped. In 2008, the Plantashun Boiz reunited for what was to be one final bang in the discography of the boy group,… July 5, 2018 In "News" Within the period of 1998-2009, a lot of Nigerian classic songs were released. Here are 50 of them. The 11-year era from 1998-2009 remains one of the best and productive moments of Nigerian music.With regards to contemporary music and sounds, this period saw the rise of legends, the production of… July 15, 2018 In "News" The Nigerian music industry have been blessed with distinct beautiful love songs that have liberated the love life of many. These songs have given hope to a lot of people who have felt & still feeling hopeless in their mutual-romantic relationships and reminded them constantly till today that one can… July 8, 2019 In "Music/Video"