 A few days ago, a Bolt driver trended on social media after a rider shared the tale of his hospitality and impressive service. Godwin Ezekiel became a viral sensation for providing free Wi-Fi, an assortment of refreshments and drinks in his vehicle for riders; such that his colleagues often ask him if his father owns Bolt. As a company that thrives on excellent service, Bolt decided to reward Ezekiel for being an inspiration. He was hosted at Bolt’s Lagos office on Thursday, July 25th, 2019, where he was appreciated with rewards worth over N150,000 inclusive of 3 months’ worth of free Wi-Fi. Femi Akin-Laguda, Bolt’s City manager, described Ezekiel as a great ambassador for the leading on-demand transportation platform in Nigeria. Akin-Laguda said, “We believe that whenever our driver-partners deliver a great experience for their riders, they build a better platform for everyone involved. That’s why we train our drivers in customer service and aim to instill a knack for excellence. Ezekiel has gone above and beyond in service to riders and we believe he should be recognized.”  After receiving his prizes, an elated Ezekiel said: “I really didn’t expect all of this but I’m very grateful and I appreciate what Bolt has done. It’s a big support to me and I’m going to use it to give good service.” He said his dedication to the job stems from the fact that he is innately generous and has benefited from being a Bolt driver-partner since joining from another platform in 2017. The Bolt driver-partner says he sometimes makes between N70,000 and N100,000 weekly when working solely on the Bolt app. He has been driving his current car for eight months and sees driving with Bolt as a means to continue caring for his eight dependants. His dream is to ultimately continue his career in photography, and his work with Bolt is helping him generate income towards actualizing the aspiration. He said, “When I complete payment of the leasing agreement [hire purchase] for my current car and it becomes my own, then I can start investing in camera equipment and start my studio.” Explaining why Bolt singled out Ezekiel for recognition, Akin-Laguda added: “We want to recognize the extra mile he has gone for his customers and help him in making more riders pleased and excited in the future.” Sponsored Content The post Bolt Appreciates Driver, the Internet Sensation who displayed Excellent Service appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija