 The House of Representatives voted 332 to 95 on Wednesday to table a resolution to impeach Donald Trump, as Democrats continued to fracture over whether to seek the removal of the president ahead of the 2020 election. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has resisted impeachment calls, focusing instead on congressional investigations. Wednesday’s vote came a day after Texas Congressmember Al Green introduced articles of impeachment against President Trump—Green’s third such attempt. Ahead of Wednesday’s vote, Green cited Trump’s racist attack against four progressive congresswomen of color: freshman Representatives Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan Omar, According to Democracynow.org. Rep. Al Green: “This president has demonstrated that he’s willing to yell ‘fire’ in a crowded theater. And we have seen what can happen to people when bigotry is allowed to have a free rein. Look at what happened in Charlottesville. ‘Blood and soil,’ they screamed. They screamed, ‘The Jews will not replace us.’ And one of them took a person’s life who was exercising her constitutional right to protest. We cannot wait. As we wait, we risk having the blood of somebody on our hands—and it could be a member of Congress.” The post House Lawmakers Vote To Table Trump Impeachment Resolution Source: Independent Rep. Al Green of Texas, a Democrat, will force a vote to impeach President Donald Trump in the House on Wednesday, after months of threats to take action. Rep. Al Green, a Democrat, planned to force a vote to impeach President Donald Trump. The resolution failed, as Republicans control the… December 6, 2017 In "News" The U.S. House of Representatives voted Wednesday to sideline an impeachment resolution against President Donald Trump, effectively killing the measure for now but not burying the issue that has divided Democrats. Source: Reuters Politics July 18, 2019 In "World" A bid to launch impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump has been blocked in the US House of Representatives. Texas Democrat Al Green filed the resolution after the House voted to denounce Mr Trump's attacks aimed at four US congresswomen as racist. But the measure failed to win enough support,… July 18, 2019 In "Wedding Digest"