 Lagos – The former governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha has faulted the invasion of All-In-One Shop belonging to his wife by members of Jasper Ndubuaku led committee on recovery of public property set up by the government of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) two days after the shop was marked for investigation by Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The former governor who made his position known through a statement made available to journalists on Friday by Sam Onwuemeodo, special adviser to the senator on media said that PDP was out to witch haunt opponents. He wondered why the party members and agents would loot a shop that was already marked for investigation by EFCC.
He said that Nigerians should be noted that before embarking on the reckless actions, the PDP government had hosted selected media chieftains from Lagos and Abuja and known bloggers also helped them to cover their excesses and falsehood.
Onwuemeodo stressed that Jasper Ndubuaku and his members were not recovering any property but were on a looting spree. According to him, PDP petitioned EFCC and the anti-graft agency marked the investments they had mentioned in their petitions for investigation. He wondered why the same people resorted to looting the same establishments marked by EFCC for investigation? He said that if Governor Ihedioha had meant well he would not have entrusted such sensitive task in the hands of a man like Jasper Ndubuaku. He said “This is to inform all men and women of goodwill, that barely two days after the agents of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission had marked the All-In-One- Shop owned by the wife of the former governor, Nneoma Nkechi Okorocha, located at Naze near Owerri, for investigation, following flood of petitions written to the commission by PDP government in the State, the leader and members of the government’s committee on the “Recovery of Government Property” invaded the shop yesterday, Friday, July 26, 2019 and looted the goods including the ones inside containers parked inside the premises of the Shop. We have told all those who cared to listen that the PDP government in the State is out to witch-hunt and intimidate opponents. Why invade and loot a shop already marked for investigation by the EFCC. The anti-graft agency marked the shop for investigation on Tuesday. What if at the end of the day EFCC establishes that this shop has no relationship with the last administration” he said. Onwuemeodo pointed out that aside from inviting EFCC that they had advised the PDP to publish whatever they had against Rochas Okorocha and the family or anybody that served in the “Rescue Mission Government” but they have not been forthcoming. He maintained that the patience of opponents in the State was waning and nobody could predict what would happen next. The post Okorocha Faults Invasion Of Wife’s Shop By Imo PDP Government  Source: Independent