 P/Harcourt – All stakeholders in the disputed Oil Mining License (OML)  25  have been directed to within seven days resolve all contending issues and reopen the oil facility. Nyesom  Wike, Rivers state Governor, who gave the directive also ordered the Secretary to the Rivers State Government,  Dr. Tammy Danagogo to convene a meeting of all key stakeholders in the presence of Security Service Commanders, for the host communities to outline their grievances to  Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC) and for the company  to address such development concerns. Governor Wike, spoke at a meeting with the management of the SPDC, Belemaoil Limited, host Community Leaders and Security Service Commanders at the Government House Port Harcourt on Saturday. Traditional rulers, elected leaders, youth leaders and Chairmen of Community Development Committees from Kula, Belema, Offoin-Ama, Opu-Kula and Ibiame of Akuku-Toru Local Government Area attended the meeting. Addressing the meeting last week, Governor Wike said he called  the meeting because the closure of OML 25 is negatively affecting Federal, State and Local Government funds. “OML 25 has been shut down for one reason or the other. Some persons in the community are hauling insults at me. No matter the insult, nothing will make me not to perform my duty to the area. “The Federal Government, the State Government and the Local Government are losing funds with the continued closure of the OML 25. If Shell is behaving wrongly, tell them and if Belemaoil is behaving wrongly,  tell them. “It is wrong for anyone to say that the Federal Government is handling the matter.  When conflicts of this nature affect the communities,  it is for the State and Local Government Area  to resolve them”. Governor Wike said he has no hand in the drilling of oil or the issuance of licenses, but he is committed to peace and security in communities for the development of the state. He added that the issue is on the economic development of the host communities, Rivers State and Nigeria and should not be politicised. Speaking at the meeting, Mr. Osagie Okunbor, the Managing Director of Shell Petroleum Development Company,  SPDC, said that the company  operates the OML 25, with the operating license renewed by the Federal Government for another 20 years. “We operated in a cordial environment until August 10,  2017 when some people of the community entered the facility.  The information that was given to us was that they were unhappy over issues of social amenities and employment. We listened and we were keen to address these issues. “But at some point another element entered the equation, which was that we should relinquish and hand over to Belema Oil that is from the community “. The Managing Director of Shell Petroleum Development Company, said that the company has since paid all necessary fees for the renewed OML 25 in October 2018. “We have made all the payments and it is our facility.  We are keen to return to the facility and operate for the benefit of all. I have made myself available to talk  to many of the stakeholders from the communities to try and understand  what the  issues are, and how we  will go about resolving them”, he said. He welcomed the intervention of the Rivers State Governor. He noted that Shell Petroleum Development Company is prepared to address the social amenities, empowerment and other issues raised by the host communities. In his remarks at the meeting, Mr Mufa Welch, Acting Managing Director of Belema Oil, denied the involvement of the company in the closure of OML 25, but stated that the host communities prefer Belema Oil to take over. He, however, admitted that SPDC are the licenced operators of OML 25, describing Belema Oil as stakeholders with 3 per cent share. According to him, the people prefer Belema Oil because of the way it operates OML 55 which it inherited from Chevron.  “With the way we operate, the communities are bent towards us. The communities love the way we operate and the way we do things. That OML has been closed for almost two years.  We have nothing in the shutdown of the OML. But the communities are bent towards us, the way we do things”, he said. Mr. Rowland Sekibo, Chairman of Akuku-Toru Local Government Area, said Belema Oil management created the impression that they bought the OML 25 from Shell Petroleum Development Company, but the company refused to transfer the operational right. He said that a meeting with stakeholders at NNPC Abuja, it was discovered that the license of OML 25 was still under the ownership of Shell. He said though the owner of Belema Oil  is from the area, it was illegal  to shut down the oil production  facility in order to arm twist the system to sell it to Belema Oil. He said such action would negatively affect other Rivers businessmen with oil operating licenses in other states. He informed that in the Global Memorandum Of understanding, Shell has already deposited N960million in account for the development of the communities, adding that if the fund was deployed, it would no doubt transform the host communities. Also speaking, Hope Osusingi, the Amanyanabo of Opu-Kula said that the people of the Area were initially misled into shutting down OML 25. He said that after some stakeholders discovered that in reality the operating license of SPDC had been renewed, they resolved to tow the path of economic development. The post OML 25: Wike Reads Riot Act To Stakeholders  Source: Independent