 Ado Ekiti – The First Lady of Ekiti State  Erelu Bisi Fayemi has cautioned youth corps members against indulging in any form of sexual activities with minors in their host communities saying anyone caught would be sanctioned through existing laws. She also urged them to shun all acts of religious bigotry and ethnicity and exhibit a high level of patriotism and resourcefulness during and after their national service. Erelu Fayemi who gave the charge during her visit to the NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp in Ise-Ekiti where the Batch `B’ stream 1 is currently undergoing the orientation. “In Ekiti State, we have the Gender-Based Violence Prohibition Law, the Gender and Equals Opportunities Law, the anti-female genital mutilation law, the widowhood practices law, and we also domesticated the Child Rights Act. What these all means is that Ekiti State is a State that has zero tolerance for all forms of violence against women and children.” She said. “Please, I will like you to remember the values of the National Youth Service Corps. To promote peace, to promote unity, to promote solidarity. Please don’t be found amongst those inciting violence, amongst those inciting ethnic bigotry, for In the National Youth Service Corps, there is not supposed to be any Yoruba, Igbo, Efik, you are all Nigerian Youth corps members. So as you go around your various assignments, please remember that we expect you to uphold the values of the NYSC Scheme,” she said. She also urged them to look after themselves. “You are far away from home, please look after yourselves. Don’t go on journeys that are absolutely unnecessary. Things have changed in our country when I was your age Nigeria was not as dangerous as it is now. Please stay in your place of posting, if you need to go away for any reason do let the authorities know,” she enjoined them. Erelu Fayemi who decried the rate of teenage pregnancy in the country, with Ekiti State rating high, appealed to the corps members to please use their wealth of experience to educate and mentor school children, especially girls on the dangers inherent in teenage pregnancy. The First Lady thanked the corps members, the NYSC State Coordinator, Mrs. Emmanuella Okpongette and her staff, the camp cultural troupe and the band, for their warm reception. The State Coordinator of NYSC Mrs. Emmanuella Okpongette in her opening remark thanked the First Lady for honouring their invitation at a short notice, adding that the corps members are disciplined and ready to be change agents in their host communities. The NYSC State Coordinator said efforts must be put in place to create awareness on reproductive Health care to reduce HIV/AIDS in the state and the rise in teenage pregnancy in the state. The corps members presented Her Excellency with a cake to commemorate her birthday which was marked recently. The post Ekiti Has Laws Against Sex With Minors -Governor’s Wife Tells Corps Members Source: Independent ADO-EKITI –Â Dr. Kayode Fayemi, Ekiti State governor, has assured of his administration’s readiness to implement the various laws enacted for protection of women’s rights. Speaking through his spouse, Erelu Bisi Fayemi, the governor said the era when women were being maltreated was over in the state. Mrs. Fayemi, who spoke… March 26, 2019 In "News" ADO-EKITI – Erelu Bisi Fayemi, wife of the Ekiti State governor, has enlisted community support in tackling menace of human trafficking in the state. Speaking at the 2019 Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) annual Law Week, themed: “Human Trafficking: A menace to socio-economic development of the society”, Bisi Fayemi said the… June 24, 2019 In "News" Fayemi’s team says Fayose has allegedly hired thugs to pose as the minister’s supporters and attack followers of Segun Oni. The campaign team of  the Minister of Solid Minerals Development, Dr. Kayode Fayemi has accused the Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose of planning to cause chaos in the party.Fayemi recently… May 19, 2018 In "News"