Tribune Online
Bauchi gov flags off N3 billion Sade-Akuyam road construction Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has flagged off the construction of 16.2 kilometres N3 billion Sade to Akuyam Road which is to link Dazaro and Misau local government areas for easy access. While speaking at the project site in Sade town on Wednesday, the Governor said that the road construction which was awarded at the cost of over N3 billion assured that it will be completed within the shortest possible time. Bala Muhammad then announced the release of 50 per cent of the amount as part of the efforts to ensure the completion of the project at the stipulated period. ALSO READ: ICRC supports 27,000 new IDPs with relief materials in Borno He believed that when completed, the road would reduce the hardship being experienced by the benefiting communities and assured that his administration will not relent in awarding road projects for infrastructural development of the state. The Governor appealed to people of the state to support and cooperate with the present administration in the state for effective implementation of its policies and programmes geared towards improving their living condition. Speaking earlier, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Works and Transport, Engineer Stephen Abubakar explained that the road is to cover a distance of 16.2 kilometres which will be constructed with two coats of surface dressing on a 7.3-meter carriageway and a single coat on 1.5-meter shoulders on each side of the road. The Permanent Secretary also said that the road involved the construction of a number of box and pipe culverts and noted supervision team has been appointed to ensure adherence to specifications. The Member Representing Hardawa Constituency at the State House of Assembly, Alhaji Babayo Mohammed who spoke on behalf of the benefiting communities, expressed gratitude to the governor for the gesture and recalled that the road was initially planned to be constructed in 1981. In order to express their appreciation for the flagging off of the project, the benefiting communities jointly presented a horse gift to the Governor urging him to do more for them in terms of development which they have been yearning for over the years. Bauchi gov flags off N3 billion Sade-Akuyam road construction
Tribune Online Source: Tribune Tribune Online Bauchi gov flags off construction and rehabilitation of roads In keeping to his promise of turning Bauchi State into a developed state that can compete with others in the country, Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed on Monday flagged off the construction and rehabilitation of some township… July 22, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online World Bank, state govt to spend $65.5m on water expansion in Bauchi  In a determined effort to finding a lasting solution to the perennial and seemingly water supply problems in Bauchi metropolis, the Bauchi State Government in collaboration with the World Bank is to spend the sum of… July 18, 2019 In "News" By Samuel Yelwa IN a bid to assess and evaluate the performances of the elected-cum- appointed political office holders by the electorate, much emphasis is usually put on their midterm scorecards perceived as paramount because any elected or appointed official who has not achieved anything at that level, might probably… July 31, 2017 In "News"