 STREAM/DOWNLOAD MP3 Oladips – Maybe Lyrics [Intro]
Sleek Is Amazing [Oladips]
Ah Omo iya aje Ahn ahn Oluwa lo pa wa mo lati January wo December Nigba ti a ri owo se fire oloboro, ti ko si eba Nigba ti ko si record label, helper tabi sponsor When i was doing it for passion and the culture All my life i have been on a mission to be great I sacrificed everything bro, whatever that it takes And maybe i was selfish at some point in my life, Cus while making choices i could have made some mistakes Well, if you ask, i would say it’s true I mean, Maybe i should have stayed in school Maybe i should have been in church or prayed with you, But music chose me, so i thought its cool Cus i thought its you like this talent is God’s gift, right? Unless of course it is all drift What if this is just God testing my faith and all this are just trips A Doctors will never joke around when it’s real cancer Metaphorically speaking, God i need answers Cus every step that i took and every move that i made was a leap of faith that i took in your name I hate to accept that i failed Already lost count of the times that i prayed Give me a sign, i need to be sure that you are listening Aijebe baba God, emi ati yin oni jo ni isinmi Huh, maybe i shouldn’t blame you I mean i met Reminisce and it was through the same you I had a plan and i thought that we would finish work I want to know why, God tell me why it didn’t work I was a young promising dips before i signed to label Same reason why i had to leave the label I used to be responsible for my loss and wins Then it felt like someone cut my wings Dam! Maybe i shouldn’t have signed in the first place Now i feel like choking myself with my necklace The day that i signed, i wish there was an eclipse I would have stayed in my house and watched my Netflix No regrets tho! Just life lessons And ever since i left, i’ve been in my right senses You need to be in my shoes to know how it really feels No more taking drugs and no more popping bills I know you did all you could but… We don’t do the things that we should I thought we had a business but you told me you was helping me But why did you give me a fucking deal if you was helping me Your mindset is a riddle that i solved And… here is the reason that i brawled If you spend a dollar and you claimed that is a favour Then the contract was a f-cking trap and a fraud There are two sides to a story I had to pour my mind out tho, i’m sorry You never saw me making money for the label, everything you did, feels like you did it for the optics Maybe along the line i had my own flaws Maybe i am just lost in my own thought Let me pause for a minute and be my own judge Maybe its not your fault, maybe its my own probs Dear upcomings, i know you wish to be signed I know you want the celebrity life so you choose to be blind But let this be a lesson and a boost to your brand Take advantage of the internet, get used to your brand Get used to the hustle cause it’s deeper that you think Because life is also hard for most of the niggas that you see Take it easy on yourself bro, it’s better to grow slowly Don’t be like me and some of my colleagues with same story Wo! I’m responsible for my actions Omo alakisa mi shi ma pada di alaso Sugbon ti ko ba ni idi mi o le ma para with no reason But Iya bode so fun mi pe ain’t nobody owe me shit Ain.t nobody owe me shit, right? but i signed a deal then i expected some doings Regardless, thank you for everything! Ah ah, ori Iya Bode oh ma je ko ri mi gbabode oh Lati Monday to Saturday oh Je ki aye ye mi Ori iya Bode oh ma je ko ri mi gbabode oh Lati Monday to Sunday oh Je ki aye ye mi Oja bo ti (2x) Lola Olohun o re bo ti! Lola Oluwa o re bo ti! Ahn ahn The post Oladips – “Maybe” [Lyrics] appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Oladips – Maybe (Prod. Amazing Sleek) Omo Iya Aję Han Han Oluwa lo pa wa mo lati January wo December Nigba ti a ri owo se fire oloboro, ti ko si eba Nigba ti ko si record label, helper tabi sponsor When i was doing it for passion and the… July 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" Yinka Ayefele recently celebrated his gift of life, in remembrance of 20 years after an accident which confined him to a wheelchair. In an interaction with journalists, he recounted his ordeal since the accident and expressed his belief to walk again. ROTIMI IGE presents excerpts:   Twenty years, a life… December 15, 2017 In "News" The recent controversy surrounding Oladips’ exit from Reminisce’s Les Rogues Roses (LLR) has begun to set tongues wagging and many people are beginning to find the issue as a thing of huge concern. Different opinions have been aired by different music fans, but the one that has caught the eye… July 2, 2019 In "Music/Video"