 Davido teased us with this collaboration for months before it finally got released at mid-night and all i can say after listening to it over and over again is it truly is mind-blowing. Knowing fully well that it is just a few artistes in pop music that can match Chris Brown’s vocals on a record, he didn’t exaggerate his voice and he kept it pretty simple which adds bliss to the song. Also, employing the services of his most trusted producer-partner/hit-maker and American R&B superstar, Chris Brown, Davido has successfully dropped a hit record yet again.  The song which is about Davido and Breezy’s expression of love for a woman they love is one embedded with decent lyrics and pattern. The beat from Shizzi is completely sick and Chris Brown showed why he is regarded by many as the greatest pop artiste alive since Michael Jackson. He delivered effortlessly with his glorious voice and made it seem like he actually owns the song. This is song is an absolute master-piece and i am totally BLOWN AWAY. @neefe_nawti  – Ratings – 9/10   The post Davido’s “Blow My Mind” Ft Chris Brown Is An Amazing Summer Bop, Truly Mind-Blowing… TX Review appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv D’banj was once the King, 2baba was once the bearer of the title but as it stands currently, two worthy aspirants have stepped forward to claim the royal title. The title, “King of Afro-pop music” can only be worn by one artiste at a time. D’banj was once the King,… December 29, 2017 In "News" LEADERSHIP : Afropop star, David Adeleke aka Davido is set to collaborate with American pop sensation, Chris Brown on a new song, ‘Blow My Mind’. Brown is an award-winning singer and actor who has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the world’s best-selling music artists. Throughout… July 12, 2019 In "News" After winning Artiste of the Year at the biggest Nigeria music event, The Headies, Davido went on to win big at one of the biggest international music events, BET Awards. On Sunday, June 24, 2018, Davido became the first African artiste to receive the BET Best International Act Award on… June 27, 2018 In "News"