 Manchester United have made an improved offer worth £60m plus £20m add ons for Leicester City centre-back Harry Maguire, according to journalist Ian McGarry, according to Football-talk.co.uk reports. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been chasing Maguire all summer after identifying the England international as a prime target as the United boss looks to wrap-up his third signing of the window having already splashed out on Daniel James and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. The Norwegian coach desperately needs to improve a defence that conceded 54 Premier League goals last season and Maguire would be a big upgrade on the likes of Chris Smalling and Phil Jones if he moved to Old Trafford. We’ve seen United linked with a number of alternative centre-back targets in recent days as Leicester continue to demand a world record fee for a defender after rejecting Man Utd’s opening £70m offer [source: Sky Sports] for Maguire. However, it seems the Manchester giants have now gone back in with an improved offer with Ian McGarry and Times journalist Duncan Castles claiming today that a fresh bid worth £60m upfront and £20m in add ons has been put on the table. Speaking to Castles on his Transfer Window Podcast show, McGarry said: We’ll start with news of a renewed offer from Manchester United to Leicester City for Harry Maguire. It still doesn’t quite match Leicester’s expectations because the upfront payment is £60m with £20m in add ons. Which of course takes it up to Leicester’s expected valuation of the player at £80m, but it doesn’t take it to the £80m upfront which we understand Leicester are hoping for. Castles responded by saying he didn’t think Leicester would be able to reject United’s latest offer but we’ll have to wait and see how the Foxes respond over the coming days. A deal worth £80m including add ons would be a huge investment from United but it would be worth it if the 26-year-old helped improve their defence and got them back into the top four next season. Maguire has become one of the best centre-backs in the Premier League since joining Leicester from Hull two years ago and he’s now an established England international so he’d be a terrific signing if United could pull it off. The post Man Utd Table Fresh £80m Offer As Solskjaer Looks To Seal 3rd Signing  Source: Independent