UN Women – In July 2010, the United nations General Assembly created UN Women, the United Nations Entity for Gender Equality and the Empowerment of Women. The creation of UN Women came about as part of the UN reform agenda, bringing together resources and mandates for greater impact. It merges and builds on the important work of four previously distinct parts of the UN system (DAW, OSAGI, INSTRAW and UNIFEM), which focused exclusively on gender equality and women’s empowerment. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Programme Analyst (Gender, Forced Migration and Trafficking) Job ID: 86259
Location: Abuja, Nigeria
Type of Contract: Service Contract
Post Level: SB-4
Starting Date: (date when the selected candidate is expected to start)    15th August, 2019
Duration of Initial Contract: 1 year Background
UN Women, grounded in the vision of equality enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations, works for the elimination of discrimination against women and girls; the empowerment of women; and the achievement of equality between women and men as partners and beneficiaries of development, human rights, humanitarian action and peace and security. Nigeria is simultaneously a country of origin, transit and destination for all streams of migration and for trafficking. According to the International Organization for Migration (IOM) Migration Profile (2009) and the World Bank remittances report on Nigeria (2010), the country’s increasing out-migrating population ranges between 836,832 and 1,041,284. Although North America and Europe remain the largest receiving continents, countries within the ECOWAS sub-region also host a significant number of the migrant population from Nigeria. Beyond irregular migration, Nigeria also experiences a number of cases of trafficking. Women and children constitute the majority of those trafficked. A large proportion of poor women migrants and women trafficked to Europe, especially Italy, are from Nigeria and a growing number of those, are trafficked into the sex sector. Despite steps taken by the Government to address forced migration and trafficking, including important work of the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) mainstream interventions often  do not necessarily take into account the differences in the migration and trafficking experiences of men, women, boys and girls, or develop tailored responses targeted at their particular concerns, leaving the demand side of these phenomena relatively unaddressed and tend to be underscored by law and order and morality paradigms that place poor documented or undocumented migrants and survivors of trafficking at the margins of society and reinforce the victim blaming syndrome. It is against this background that the Government of Italy and UN Women have embarked on a partnership to support efforts by the Government of Nigeria aimed at preventing forced migration and trafficking of women and girls by supporting policy measures and community-based initiatives to foster an enabling environment for prevention and to enhance the gender-responsiveness of protection services and reintegration support measures for returning trafficked victims/survivors, building synergies with ongoing efforts of key partners including the International Organization for Migration. UN Women will recruit a Programme Analyst for the Project on Preventing Forced Migration and Trafficking of Women and Girls in Nigeria. With strategic reporting to the UN Women Country Representative, and under the supervision of the Deputy Country Representative, the  Programme Analyst exercises overall responsibility for planning, implementing, and managing UN Women’s  Project. S/he works in close collaboration with other team members in Abuja and partners in the two target states, Edo and Lagos,   including Government Ministries Department and Agencies (MDAs), Security Agencies, the NAPTIP, Community Leaders and Civil Society Organizations, among others to successfully deliver services for the attainment of set goal and objectives. Summary of Key Functions Ensures implementation of programme strategies and activities focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures effective management of the programme in the field within the thematic/sectoral areas assigned focusing on quality control of the programme activities and results achieving the following results: Ensures creation and maintaining of strategic partnerships in cooperation with programme team focusing on achievement of the following results: Ensures provision of advisory services and facilitation of knowledge building and management focusing on achievement of the following results: Impact of Results Competencies
Core Values: Core Competencies: Functional Competencies: Required Skills and Experience
Education and Certification: Experience: Language Requirements: Application Closing Date
23rd July, 2019. The post Programme Analyst (Gender, Forced Migration and Trafficking) at UN Women appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria