Creative Associates International is a dynamic, fast-growing global development firm that specializes in education, economic growth, democratic institutions and stabilization. Based in Washington, D.C., Creative has a field presence in more than 25 countries with a strong client portfolio that includes the U.S. Agency for International Development and the State Department, among others. Since its founding in 1977, Creative has earned a solid reputation among its clients and is well-regarded by competitors and partners alike. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Standards Specialist Requisition Number: STAND01645
Location: Abuja, Nigeria
Job Type: Full-Time

Position Summary Reporting & Supervision: Primary Responsibilities
The Standards Specialist will: Required Skills & Qualifications Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Standards Specialist at Creative Associates International appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria Creative Associates International is a dynamic, fast-growing global development firm that specializes in education, economic growth, democratic institutions and stabilization. Based in Washington, D.C., Creative has a field presence in more than 25 countries with a strong client portfolio that includes the U.S. Agency for International Development and the State… July 12, 2019 In "Jobs" Creative Associates International is a dynamic, fast-growing global development firm that specializes in education, economic growth, democratic institutions and stabilization. Based in Washington, D.C., Creative has a field presence in more than 15 countries with a strong client portfolio that includes the U.S. Agency for International Development and the State… July 12, 2019 In "Jobs" Creative Associates International is a dynamic, fast-growing global development firm that specializes in education, economic growth, democratic institutions and stabilization. Based in Washington, D.C., Creative has a field presence in more than 15 countries with a strong client portfolio that includes the U.S. Agency for International Development and the State… July 12, 2019 In "Jobs"