 Arsenal are closing in on the signing of Real Madrid midfielder Dani Ceballos, according to reports in Spain. The 22-year-old has made it clear that he wants more playing time this season having started just 13 games in La Liga last term. Ceballos has also attracted interest from Tottenham and Liverpool. But according to AS, the midfielder is ‘one step away’ from joining Arsenal on loan. The report claims that Unai Emery has played a key role in convincing Ceballos to join the Gunners ahead of their Premier League rivals. Ceballos is currently on holiday after being given an extended break following Spain’s success at the European Under-21 Championship earlier this summer but is due to return on July 22. The midfielder was one of Spain’s star performers during the tournament after being unable to secure a regular role under Zinedine Zidane at Real Madrid. Earlier this month, AS claimed that Tottenham were leading the race to sign Ceballos with Mauricio Pochettino speaking directly to the midfielder in an attempt to persuade him to join Spurs. But it now appears Ceballos is set to join Spurs’ north London rivals on a temporary deal Speaking at the end of June, Ceballos admitted he would be open to leaving Madrid on loan in order to get more playing time. ‘I don’t want them [Real Madrid] to sell me,’ he told Onda Cero. ‘But I want to enjoy myself and feel important, wherever that may be.’ The post Arsenal ‘One Step Away’ From Signing Dani Ceballos On Loan From Real Madrid Read Source: Independent Jurgen Klopp is pushing for Liverpool to sign Real Madrid midfielder Dani Ceballos, according to reports in Spain. The 22-year-old impressed for Spain Under-21s this summer as he played a key role in his side’s success at the European Under-21 Championship according to metro.co.uk. But the midfielder is not in Zinedine Zidane’s plans… July 3, 2019 In "News" Tottenham Hotspur are reportedly battling Premier League rivals Arsenal for Real Madrid’s La Liga bench-warmer Dani Ceballos. Dani Ceballos is enthused by the prospect of working with Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham Hotspur as he prepares to secure a much-needed move away from Real Madrid, according to El Confidencial – surely putting pay to a potential move to Arsenal. Pochettino has… June 28, 2019 In "News" Arsenal have three names in their shortlist lined up to replace Lucas Torreira should he make the move to AC Milan this summer – but there is a hitch. Arsenal are not in a strong position this transfer window after Unai Emery was handed a £45m transfer budget. The Spaniard… June 27, 2019 In "News"