 Listening to good music and praising the artist is one thing, but giving accolades to the brains behind the production of every good music we listen can’t be overemphasized! Producers put together ingredients that make up a good track but are rarely recognized or celebrated. These are our top 5 Nigerian Music Producers in 2019 so far.  2. Kel P has been on a rampage with his production, cooking us fresh songs including Burna boy’s more recent hits, ‘Killing dem‘ and ‘Dangote‘.  3. We have Mavin’s in-house producer, Ozedikus who is the brain behind Rema’s 2019 monster hit ‘Dumebi’.  4. Young Willis is another producer who is buzzing at the moment after he scored a hit with Falz ‘Sweet boy’.  5.Finally, we have Young John, the pick of the litter! Young John, a renowned hitmaker, has been behind the production of two solid songs so far this year. His collaboration with Tiwa Savage and Kiss Daniel on ‘Ello baby’ is still fresh in the mind while his collaboration with Kiss Daniel, Mayourkun and Lussh on ‘True’ can not be forgotten in a hurry.  The post #ORINPicks: These Are Our Top Five Producers in 2019 So Far appeared first on Nigerian Entertainment Today. Source: The Net 2018 has been filled with good music, hit anthems and banging dance records prominently ignited by great and cuttingedge productions. It is often easy to overlook the role that the producer plays in the making of a hit record, after all, they are usually the unseen guys, hence the adulation… December 4, 2018 In "News" Nigerian Music Producer and boss of Mavin Records, Don Jazzy, has displayed that he has no hard feelings if any of his signees decide to exit his music label after he responded to inquiries from fans on Twitter. READ:Â 5 Years Later, Reekado Banks Exits Mavin Records A fan had asked… January 8, 2019 In "News" The producer lost out to his YBNL counterpart, Young Jonn, and went on to Twitter to question the decision of the organisers to award the YBNL hitmaker. Producer Kiddominant has reacted to his loss of the Best Producer award at the 2018 Soundcity MVP award festival.The producer lost out to his YBNL… January 13, 2018 In "News"