 A lot has happened in Nigerian entertainment, telco and sports circles since Sunday evening (July 14th, 2019). Gist has been pouring through social media; the ‘keke’ (tricycle) riders have already picked their favourite Big Brother Naija housemates and are yelling at each other at the parks in Lagos! Quite a bit has happened, and this is the mid-week gist on all the excitement!   2. Big Brother Pepper: One of Nigeria’s most popular tv shows, Big Brother Naija, has gotten Nigerians shouting and yelling. Yes, we have been shouting! What hasn’t happened? After four evictions, Kim Oprah, Ella, Isilomo and Avala, things have heated up. Seyi Awolowo stunned many by refusing to use his veto power to swap himself with another housemate, for the eviction.  Many have praised his ‘Awo’ attributes, some others have been shaking their heads on his behalf. Hian! And, we can’t forget everybody’s favourite PH girl, Tacha, became the 1st female housemate to get verified on Instagram Kai! We love amebo!  3. Data Slash Fest: Nigeria went to sleep last week, with some interesting news, MTN had gone on a data slash take-over. With prices as low as N50 for 50MB, the question on everyone’s lips is ‘is it possible?’ Apparently, this is happening! And there’s even more.  The my MTN app has hot data deals (like N1,500 for 3GB data. There’s even a N50 plan for 24 hours!) for subscribers who can also use the app to control their phone accounts, manage data, etc. For doubting Thomases, it’s easy to find out. The week hasn’t even ended, and we have had all these happen, what will happen by the end of the week?! The post Big Brother Naija, Data Slashes and Eagles Domination: All The Hottest Mid-week Gist appeared first on Nigerian Entertainment Today. Source: The Net Grown Kids Throwback to the Housemates’ favourite childhood cartoons. Turns out a couple of the Pepper Dem gang are actually kids at heart as they reminisced about their favourite childhood cartoons in bed this morning. A chatty conversation that had Mike, Frodd, Ike and Seyi contributing enthusiastically went on for close to an hour with Avala joining… July 5, 2019 In "Entertainment" Esther just became the first-ever female head of house for the Big Brother Naija 2019 ‘Pepper Dem’ show and has quickly been crowned ‘Queen Esther’.  After becoming the last woman standing in a memory test challenge, she became the first female ‘head of house’. While playing the game, Jeff, Mike, Ike… July 16, 2019 In "Entertainment" Ella became the third housemate to be evicted from the Big Brother Naija ‘Pepper Dem’ show last night when the first eviction by viewers votes was held. Last night also saw the eviction of Kim Oprah from the house. They had been up for eviction alongside, Sir Dee, Tacha and… July 15, 2019 In "Entertainment"