 W.TEC is now accepting applications for 2019 She Creates Camp. The camp will hold in Lagos, Kwara and Anambra states from July – September 2019. The She Creates Camp is a W.TEC initiative designed to help Nigerian secondary school girls (13 – 17 years) develop an early interest in computer science, information technology, and related careers. The She Creates Camp holds both residential and non-residential camps across the nation with a mix of hands-on technology workshops, career talks excursions and leadership exercises, which endeavors to build strong, intelligent and focused young women, well-prepared for living and working in an increasingly technology-driven world. At the camps, we aim to mold young girls’ psyche, give them a positive image of technology, related fields, and opportunities while bridging the knowledge and skill gap between boys and girls in their career paths. Partners and supporters included are Google.org, Oracle, SAGE Foundation, MainOne, Swift Networks Ltd, Kenneth Dike Memorial eLibrary and Laureates College – Lagos. Evaluations of previous camps show enhanced leadership skills, creativity, problem-solving and communication abilities in our alumnae as a result of attending the camp. Register for your preferred camp: SheCreates Lagos-Mainland    – Residential Camp (August 18 – 31)
SheCreates Lagos-Island          – Non-Residential Camp (July 29 – Aug 9)
SheCreates Awka-Anambra    – Non-Residential Camp (August 26 – Sept 6)
SheCreates Ilorin-Kwara         – Non-Residential Camp (August 26 – Sept 6) The W.TEC – She Creates Camp is highly competitive and we would love that your girls participate, so kindly apply early. For more information: See 2018 Camp Videos, 2017 Camp Videos,  2016 Camp Videos, 2017 Camp Photos Email: camp@wtec.org.ng Phone: +234 806 077 6145, +234 808 169 0699 This content has been published for free as part of BellaNaija.com‘s commitment to youth, education, healthcare and community development as part of our corporate social responsibility programme The post Here’s How to Register for W-TEC’s ‘She Creates Camp 2019’ Initiative | July – September appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija