 Whensheappeared at a very private social event, days back, many were not in their least taken beyond their imagination of what and how she commands the aesthetics of her immeasurable beauty and unquantifiable splendour. She came in unannounced, no doubt, but her entry into the party in the company of her mom and sister was a statement in class and unimaginable magnificence. Olori Silekuunola Naomi Ogunwusi, the adorable wife of Ooni of Ife, is a statement in absolute beauty, charm, resplendence and whatever adjectives you can use to describe a woman with the abundance of amiability and irresistible beauty, which only the royalty can afford. She must have been kept in waiting for the equally handsome Ojaja II and HIM, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi. Her arrival at the party spoke volumes beyond her natural beauty, and she in no way did not betray this emotion in the consciousness of many who kept on wondering where this jewel and angel was hiding all along when the revered seat of Olori of the cradle of Yorubaland, Ile Ife suddenly kept on yawning. Her enchanting and very humble demeanour are adding to her good virtues as very potent points in the direction of a woman that commands the traditional and humble nature of a Queen, despite her very good and pious background. Olori Silekunola is a jewel of inestimable value to the Ile Ife kingdom and will continue to be. She will not allow the paraphernalia of her queenly status to look down on people, because he has a reason to be the game-changer in the palace of Ooni of Ife. The post Queen Silekunola Naomi Ogunwusi, Symbol Of Irresistible Beauty Source: Independent The Ooni’s palace on Fridays said all necessary rites were carried out before Arole Oodua, Ooni Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, picked Olori Moronke Naomi Silekunola Ogunwusi as his new wife. This was contained in a press statement by Comrade Moses Olafare, Director, MediaÂ andÂ Public Affairs, Ooni’s Palace on Friday. The statement stated… October 19, 2018 In "News" Yesterday, the life of a 25 years old Christain evangelist, Oluwaseyi Naomi, changed forever as she became the wife of Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife. READ:Â Proper Church Girl: See Throwback Photos Of The New Queen Of Ife, Olori Shilekunola Moronke Preaching   The Ooni himself broke the… October 19, 2018 In "News" The new queen of Ife Kingdom, Olori Shilekunola Moronke Naomi Ogunwusi., appears to be settling into her new home with ease as she prayed has been seen holding a prayer session in the palace. READ:Â See More Photos Of Olori Prophetess Ogunwusi Performing Her Traditional Marriage Rites Olori Ogunwusi (formerly known… October 20, 2018 In "News"