 ARSENAL have been told by transfer expert Ian McGarry that the signing of Nicolas Pepe might affect their bid for Kieran Tierney.
Pepe is in London for a medical ahead of a £72million move from Lille. Manager Unai Emery is also keen to sign a left-back once the deal is completed and Celtic star Tierney remains their top target. Their initial offer of around £15m was rejected with the Scottish side holding out for more. However, the Gunners have made no secret of the financial constraints they are currently working under and are unwilling to increase their offer significantly. The Pepe deal is made up of a £20m down payment with the rest paid in instalments over the next five years and they are looking for a similar arrangement when it comes to Tierney. However, McGarry believes they might have set a dangerous precedent by signing Pepe in a deal that will be the third-most ever paid by a Premier League club. “I suspect it will have a negative affect to be honest,” he told the Transfer Window Podcast. “The way Celtic are looking at it is Arsenal are already trying to get Tierney on the cheap as far as they’re concerned – and by paying in instalments. “So they’ll look at the Pepe deal and say you ‘were you just playing us all along? You’re pleading poverty. You can only pay us this much year and this much the next. And you’ve got a board there and an owner as well who know the value of a pound.’ “So I think it will have the reverse affect in terms of persuading Celtic to sell.” Despite that, McGarry thinks the deal could help persuade Tierney to try and force through a move. Pepe is one of the most in-demand players in Europe and Arsenal have beaten off stiff competition from the likes of Manchester United and Liverpool to get him. McGarry added: “You have to say if you were Kieran Tierney and you’re looking at playing on the same side as Nicolas Pepe you as a player would be more excited. “Especially if he is going to play on the left wing with [Alexandre] Lacazette or [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang in the middle and you’re an attacking left-back getting to link up with a player of that calibre. “Then I think that might turn his head a little bit in the direction of north London.” The post How Nicolas Pepe Transfer Could Affect Arsenal’s Kieran Tierney Bid  Source: Independent Napoli manager, Carlo Ancelotti, has ruled out rivalling Arsenal for Lille’s Nicolas Pepe and Celtic left-back Kieran Tierney. Both clubs have been heavily linked with the two players this summer. However, speaking after their 3-0 win over Liverpool in a pre-season friendly on Sunday, Ancelotti all but gave up his… July 28, 2019 In "News" Former Arsenal midfielder, Ray Parlour has urged the club to sign Celtic defender, Kieran Tierney, and Lille winger, Nicolas Pepe, ahead of the August transfer deadline. DAILY POST had reported that Arsenal have been linked with a move for Tierney and Pepe in this summer’s transfer window. The Gunners have… July 29, 2019 In "News" Pepe is set to become Arsenal’s fourth signing of the summer transfer window after a £72m deal was agreed. The Ivory Coast international is expecting to pen a five-year contract once he completes a medical this week. Arsenal have had to see off competition for Napoli for Pepe but the… July 28, 2019 In "News"