 Temidayo Akinsuyi; Innocent Oweh Lagos / Abuja – The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum has warned its governors not to succumb to any pressure to cede an inch of its land for Ruga settlements. It rejected the planned establishment of Ruga settlements across the country by the Federal Government, saying the idea behind the scheme is repugnant, repulsive and provocative. The forum in a statement on Sunday signed by Yinka Odumakin (South-West), Senator Bassey Henshaw (South-South), Dr. Isuwa Dogo (Middle-Belt) and Professor Chigozie Ogbu (South-East) said having reviewed all the arguments on the issue, it came to the conclusion that the Federal Government under President Muhammadu Buhari is embarking on ethnic domination and attempt to colonise the rest of the country under the guise of cattle rearing. The forum said if the settlement is allowed in any non-Fulani community, the herdsmen will make life unbearable for the host community and will do everything possible to forcefully take over the land. “The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum has reviewed all the arguments about the Ruga settlements the Federal Government is embarking upon in furtherance of the ethnic domination and conquest of the Fulani in Nigeria which the Buhari government is taking to the next level. “The idea is repugnant, repulsive and provocative as it seeks to colonise the rest of Nigeria under the guise of promoting cattle rearing, which is private business that should not have the involvement of any responsible government, as lining the might of the Federal Government behind the business of one ethnic group in a multi-ethnic country like Nigeria can only come from a government that is not interested in its unity.” The forum said it is appalled despite mass killings by Fulani herdsmen, no single Fulani herdsman is being tried for various atrocities perpetrated across the country, especially in Benue where 73 people were killed in one day by rampaging herdsmen. “In the last four years, we have seen the rate at which the Fulani herdsmen have turned non-Fulani communities into killings fields with the government turning a blind eye to all their crimes while using the instrumentalities of state to defend and shield them from interrogation. “SMBLF was in Benue in January 2018 where over 73 people were killed in one day by the Fulani herdsmen… we have mourned now and then in our various communities in the last four years through the shedding of innocent blood by the marauders. “We challenge the Federal Government to tell us any court in the country where any herdsman is being tried today for all the killings, kidnappings, raping of women and destruction of farmland they have carried out against innocent citizens. “As if the sinful silence of the government is not enough, it has now decided on a provocative measure to secure territories for them in all the 36 states of the federation. “If the herdsmen as wanderers had perpetrated untold crimes against indigenous people on a scale that is nothing but genocidal, it is left to imagination what they would do when the Federal Government of Nigeria now force them on these communities as landlords. “In no time, the Fulani herdsmen would make situation hellish for their host communities and life will become much more unbearable for them. The Fulanis across Africa would move in droves to these settlements and Nigeria will at the speed of lightning become an exclusive Fulani territory in West Africa. “We, therefore, reject any attempt to establish any Fulani colony within our space in Southern Nigeria and the Middle Belt. We warn all our governors not to succumb to any pressure to cede an inch of our land for this awful project as any governor who does so would be seen as an enemy of the people he governs. “Constitutionally and as affirmed by the Supreme Court, all land in each state is vested in the governor and not the Federal Government. We insist that anyone who wants to do cattle business should on his or her own approach the government of the state concerned to buy land and establish ranches under the prevailing regulations of such state. “Our people will defend their land against colonisation under the conquest policy the Federal Government is mindlessly pushing. By the way, we have seen some sophist statement from the Office of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, denying the take of the Miyetti Allah group that his office is supervising Ruga settlements across the country. We will hold our peace on the vice president for now”, the forum said. Also speaking on the issue, Comrade Peter Esele, a former President of the Trade Union Congress (TUC), urged the Federal Government to handle the issue carefully as it may snowball into crisis if not well managed. Speaking with Daily Independent, Esele also said the Federal Government should dialogue with states on the issue and not attempt to force the scheme on state governors. “I think the bottom-line is that we need to understand the fact that we are running a federation. If we are running a federation, then the Federal Government cannot just decide an issue on a state without seeking the opinions of stakeholders in that state. If we do so, then we are not running a Federal Government. “My expectation is that whatever it is should be negotiated. Everybody must be carried along. If it is acceptable to some states, then it should be done. If it is not acceptable to other states, then the wishes of those states must be respected. “What I don’t understand is why our preference is on cattle alone. There are other challenges we are having in our country that requires the urgent attention of the government. Anybody that is running business is running his own business. “Those running the business of cattle, or herdsmen, that is their private business. So, if they are running their private businesses and the Federal Government is doing all of these for them to run their businesses, then that is no longer a private enterprise. “Because the way the Federal Government is going about it is also making people feel there is favouritism for a particular people. But I believe that the Federal Government must handle this issue with care before it snowballs into an avoidable crisis”, he said. Our Real Motive For Creating Ruga Settlements— Presidency Meanwhile, against the backlash trailing Ruga settlement for cattle herders in selected parts of the country, the presidency on Sunday came up with an explanation, saying the aim of establishing it was to put a stop to the incessant clashes between farmers and herdsmen. Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, who rose to defend the government, said there was no plans to annex any state owned land for the project, just as he mentioned that states were at liberty to key in voluntarily. He said the attention of government had been drawn to recent unhelpful comments regarding the plan to stop roaming of cattle herders with the attendant clashes with farmers. “Ruga settlement that seeks to settle migrant pastoral families simply means rural settlement in which animal farmers, not just cattle herders, will be settled in an organised place with provision of necessary and adequate basic amenities such as schools, hospitals, road networks, vet clinics, markets and manufacturing entities that will process and add value to meats and animal products.” He explained that beneficiaries will include all persons in animal husbandry, not only Fulani herders. According to Shehu, the Federal Government planned it in order to curb open grazing of animals that continue to pose security threats to farmers and herders. He said the overall benefit to the nation will include a drastic reduction in conflicts between herders and farmers, a boost in animal protection complete with a value chain that will increase the quality and hygiene of livestock in terms of beef and milk production, increased quality of feeding and access to animal care and private sector participation in commercial pasture production by way of investments. “Other gains are job creation, access to credit facilities, security for pastoral families and curtailment of cattle rustling. “Stripped of the politics and howling that have attended the recent comments, there is no government plan to seize state land, colonise territory or impose Ruga on any part of the federation. Government has made it clear time and again that the programme is voluntary. “So far, twelve states have applied to the Federal Ministry of Agriculture, making lands available for the take-off of the scheme in their states. This number is sufficient for the pilot scheme. “Unfortunately, some state governments that have not signified interest in the scheme and, therefore, are not on the invitation list have been misleading people that the Federal Government is embarking on a scheme to take away their lands.” The post Don’t Cede Land To Herders, Southern, Mid-Belt Leaders Warn Govs  Source: Independent Tribune Online Southern, Middle-Belt leaders reject Buhari’s Ruga Settlements The Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum (SMBLF) on Sunday kicked against the proposed Ruga Settlements the Federal Government is embarking upon in states of the federation, describing the idea as repugnant, repulsive and provocative as, according to the group, it… June 30, 2019 In "News" The Concerned Middle Belt Citizens Forum (CMBCF) has faulted Benue State Govenror, Samuel Ortom and his Taraba State counterpart, Darius Ishaku, for kicking against the planed Ruga settlement for pastoral herders. Ortom and Ishaku had came out to voice their rejection of the imitative by the Buhari-led government with the… June 26, 2019 In "News" Tribune Online FG panics as Ruga settlement plan backfires Following widespread condemnation, outrage and threats from the Middle Belt and Southern states, the Federal Government entered what was apparently a panic mode on Friday on its decision to establish what it called Ruga settlements for herdsmen across the country. Vice… June 29, 2019 In "News"