Padron Consulting Limited is a management consulting company that provides market entry support to foreign companies that seek to enter the Nigerian market. This involves company registration compliance, distribution channel management, warehousing, logistics planning and management, Negotiation and meeting representation, marketing of clients goods and services, property development, and acquiring of office space/residential properties on behalf of our clients.We are recruiting to fill the position below:Job Title: IT SpecialistLocation:&nbsp;LagosJob DescriptionWe are seeking a detail-oriented, effective, and experienced IT Specialist to join our growing team. In this position, you will use your expertise to monitor, and maintain the organizational IT systems.You will focus on software, website, mobile app, database, or systems administration. You will also participate in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the organization and ensure that operating systems, and software systems are fully operational.IT Specialist Duties and ResponsibilitiesConsult with external clients to recommend IT solutionsAdminister network and data security, including directory, group policy, firewalls, antivirus, email security, etc.Prepare estimates used by management for purposes of planning, organizing, and scheduling workDesign and customize websites and mobile apps for the company and external clients.Create, analyze, report, convert, or transfer data, using specialized applications program softwareAdvise management on IT related issues and requirements.Provide training to new employees and other training sessions as required&nbsp; Apply at https://ngcareers.com/job/2019-07/it-specialist-at-padron-consulting-limited-588/ Source: NG Career Padron Consulting Limited is a management consulting company that provides market entry support to foreign companies that seek to enter the Nigerian market. This involves company registration compliance, distribution channel management, warehousing, logistics planning and management, Negotiation and meeting representation, marketing of clients goods and services, property development, and acquiring… July 5, 2019 In "Jobs" Nextzon Business Services Limited is an emerging market management consulting and enterprise development company, inspired by a collective mission of building and transforming business enterprises for phenomenal success. Our vision is to be a leading venturing company and a renowned consulting practice firm. Our clients include start-ups, small and medium… March 21, 2019 In "Jobs" SYOJ Consulting & Management Services otherwise known as SYOJ Consulting is a company deeply committed to delivering leading edge HR Consultancy & Management Services to our clients. Incorporated in 2004, the company is wholly owned by indigenous investors and operates with shared skills of experts whilst working with international associates… August 8, 2017 In "Jobs"