Google is not a conventional company, and we don't intend to become one. True, we share attributes with the world's most successful organizations – a focus on innovation and smart business practices comes to mind – but even as we continue to grow, we're committed to retaining a small-company feel. At Google, we know that every employee has something important to say, and that every employee is integral to our success. We provide individually-tailored compensation packages that can be comprised of competitive salary, bonus, and equity components, along with the opportunity to earn further financial bonuses and rewards.Job Title: Associate Product Marketing Manager, Access MarketingAbout the JobWhether you're on a consumer product (like Gmail, Search, Maps, Chrome, Android) or a business product (Google Ads, AdSense, Google Marketing Platform, Analytics), you take part in a complete marketing experience as you lead every facet of the product's journey. From determining positioning, naming, competitive analysis, feature prioritization and external communications, you help shape the voice of the product and help it grow a consumer base. This means you work with a cross-functional team across Sales, corporate communications, legal, webmasters, product development, engineering and more. In this role, you'll be involved with product marketing strategy from beginning to end.As an Associate Product Marketing Manager (APMM) within the Sub Saharan Africa (SSA) Access Marketing team, you will solve access barriers for people to access the internet and come online across the region.You will take initiative, build and grow relationships, and work with diverse partners from carriers and original equipment manufacturer (OEMs) to App developers.You'll also deliver campaigns including focusing on &lsquo;below-the-line&rsquo; activities, including training that drive usage and support our cross-functional teams to build scaled approaches to engage Android partners in the region.In this role, you will be part of the APMM Program, Google&rsquo;s global, early-career program.As the start of your career in Marketing at Google, the APMM Program provides the skills you will need to become an excellent digital Marketer.You will participate in learning and development; travel internationally to learn more about our business in global markets; gain exposure to different products, Marketing functions, and/or global locations; and networking across Marketing.Know the user. Know the magic. Connect the two. At its core, marketing at Google starts with technology and ends with the user, bringing both together in unconventional ways. Our job is to demonstrate how Google's products solve the world's problems–from the everyday to the epic, from the mundane to the monumental. And we approach marketing in a way that only Google can–changing the game, redefining the medium, making the user the priority, and ultimately, letting the technology speak for itself.ResponsibilitiesDevelop marketing plans for Android and execute campaigns to drive usage of G suite. Work with the Business Development team to co-market with Telecommunications and OEM partners.Define and execute go-to-market strategies and organizational coordination for new feature/product launches, including positioning, naming, external communications, competitive analysis, and feature prioritization.Define retail marketing strategy for Android, including always-on retail training programs, sales incentive programs, point-of-sale marketing, and other customer facing experiences. Develop methods to track effectiveness of retail strategy through measurement and customer research.Use quantitative methods, models, and research to help Google better understand the market and provide important feedback into the product and strategic development cycle.Leverage marketing insights to better understand our customers and represent the voice of the user. Develop actionable, data-driven insights to inform product and marketing strategy.&nbsp; Apply at https://ngcareers.com/job/2019-07/vacancy-at-google-nigeria-associate-product-marketing-manager-access-marketing-725/ Source: NG Career