 Nicki Minaj has backed out of performing at the upcoming Jeddah World Fest in Saudi Arabia. Earlier this month, the Jeddah Season Cultural Festival had announced that Nicki will be performing at the concert this July (see here) and it had garnered a lot of reactions from people. Many of them were of the opinion that being a conservative society, Nicky Minaj performing at the concert was ‘unislamic’. Nicki has thus decided not to go ahead with the performance, according to CNN. In a statement, Nicki said “after careful reflection I have decided to no longer move forward with my scheduled concert at Jeddah World Fest. “While I want nothing more than to bring my show to fans in Saudi Arabia, after better educating myself on the issues, I believe it is important for me to make clear my support for the rights of women, the LGBTQ community and freedom of expression.” She also asked her fans to voice out their opinions concerning the cancellation on her Instagram page.  A post shared by Barbie® (@nickiminaj) on Jul 9, 2019 at 12:28pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Nicki Minaj Cancels Performance in Saudi Arabia following Uproar appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Rapper Nicki Minaj has cancelled a scheduled performance in Saudi Arabia next week, citing her support for the rights of women and the LGBT community. Her headline billing at the festival in Jeddah triggered an outcry from critics of the country’s human rights record. Others questioned how her revealing outfits… July 10, 2019 In "Entertainment" Popular hip hop star, Nicki Minaj has canceled her scheduled performance in Saudi Arabia next week. This is following backlash by social media users and call by US Human Rights Foundation for Minaj, One Direction’s Liam Payne, Steve Aoki, and others scheduled to play at the Jeddah World Fest on… July 10, 2019 In "News" Nicky Minaj will be performing in Saudi Arabia this month and her fans are surprised about it. While some people can’t wait to see her perform, others are angry that a musician who ‘promotes sex’ through her music has been invited to a place like Saudi Arabia. Although Saudi Arabia… July 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"