 Skales has called out Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, the founder of Common Wealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) over the alleged rape saga between the ‘man of God’ and Timi Dakolo’s wife; Busola. The singer took to his Twitter page hours ago to blast the pastor, calling him a “fake man of god” as well as ridicule his church. Skales called the church a bully after news of the pastor sending police to Timi Dakolo’s house yesterday to get his wife arrested surfaced on the internet. Skales wrote; “Total example of a church dat bullies the public  @cozaglobal and the scam of a pastor…. Gucci scam pastor… I Stand against that pastor fatoyinbo biodun stop lieing with the word of God using gov. Connection to bully people .. Coza no be church na scam smh. ok I’m done.”  He also added, “Commonwealth of Zion Assembly. see name of church it’s the end time for real Coza Chrch na scam …. baba don order Gucci wey him go use today’s offering go buy.”  You all would recall we brought you news about Timi Dakolo raising an alarm on his Instagram page yesterday after police stormed his house to try to whisk himself and his wife to Abuja on account that Pastor Fatoyinbo has levelled some allegations towards them. This has however made a lot of celebrities furious as to why the pastor would take such action even when he hasn’t answered to the allegations levelled against him by Busola that he raped her about 2 decades ago. This could be the major reason Skales has decided to try to ‘tear apart’ the pastor, expressing his anger in the most daring manner. This however is looking to be a wrong move for Skales as social media users have started to lambast him for making such move when it has not been established that the pastor truly did what Busola accused him of. Some have opined that Skales showed a lack of sensitiveness as even though criticsm of the pastor to a large extent is allowed, he could have been constructive about it or be intelligent about the process.  The post Skales Drags COZA Founder, Pastor Fatoyinbo Over Rape Allegation Saga With Busola Dakolo, Calls Him “Fake Man Of God” appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: TooXclusiv Nathaniel Bassey, popular Nigerian gospel musician and trumpeter, has weighed in on the ongoing rape saga involving the Senior Pastor of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly, COZA, Biodun Fatoyinbo. Bassey said the current rape saga was an indication that God was cleansing the church. Recall that wife of popular musician, Timi… July 1, 2019 In "News" A shocking news has just sent the whole country in disarray as Timi Dakolo’s wife, Busola Dakolo has revealed that popular socialite pastor and the pioneer of The Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo forcefully had sexual intercourse (rape) with her when she was just a teenager. Busola… June 28, 2019 In "Music/Video" Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo, founder of Commonwealth of Zion Assembly popularly known as COZA has distanced himself and outrightly denied the rape allegation made against him by Timi Dakolo’s wife; Busola. You all would recall that Busola in an interview that has caused the internet to be on a total shutdown… June 28, 2019 In "Music/Video"