The British Council is the UK’s international organisation for cultural relations and educational opportunities. We create friendly knowledge and understanding between the people of the UK and other countries. We do this by making a positive contribution to the UK and the countries we work with – changing lives by creating opportunities, building connections and engendering trust. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply HomeyFun Foods Limited – A newly established FMCG company with factory in Lagos, Nigeria requires the services of enthusiastic, result oriented and dedicated persons to join our team. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) is an independent international medical humanitarian organisation that delivers emergency aid in more than 60 countries to people affected by armed conflict, epidemics, natural or man-made disasters or exclusion from healthcare. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Corporate HeadHunters Nigeria Limited is recruiting on behalf of its clients in various sectors to fill the following vacant positions below: Location: Lagos and Rivers Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Eko, Akete, Lekki – Epe Expressway, Lekki, Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Locations: Yaba, Somolu, Onipanu, Surulere, Iganmu, Ijora, Ebute-Metta, Apapa, Lagos Island, Ikoyi, Victoria Island, Lekki, Ajah, Sangotedo, Eko Akete, Awoyaya, and Lakowe – Lagos Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Exciting Job Enrollment at British Council of Nigeria, HomeyFun Foods Limited, Medecins Sans Frontieres & Corporate HeadHunters Nigeria Limited (August, 2019 Jobs) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: Job in Nigeria (A). Voke Engineering Services Limited Voke Engineering Services Limited is a Private Limited Liability Company established in Nigeria, by a diverse group of specialist engineers to providing Engineering and Project Management consultancy services to the petroleum and Gas ,energy and Power, infrastructure and manufacturing industries. 1. Personal Driver to the… June 4, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Cedarcare Hospital Cedarcare Hospital is an ultra-modern well equipped hospital established to provide affordable, trusted, compassionate and premium healthcare. The hospital is a newly purpose built structure on four floors located at Lekki Peninsula Scheme 2, Eti-Osa LGA, Lagos State. 1. Sonographer / Radiographer Click Here to Read Job Details… July 31, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). AfriHUB Nigeria Limited AfriHUB Nigeria Limited (“AfriHUB”) was established in May, 2004 to provide human capacity building technologies, including satellite and wireless Internet access, telephony and US instructor-led technical training to Federal Universities throughout Nigeria, as well as to the country’s businesses and government sectors. 1. Customer Service Representative Click… July 17, 2019 In "Jobs"