British Ghanaian Musician Eugy posted a video of a sweet moment on his social media page recently. In the video, he captures his dad’s expression as he gets surprised with a new car.   Eugy wrote on Instagram: Honour thy Father and thy Mother” – I’m not really one for long speeches but those of you who know me know how much my parents mean to me. Growing up I watched my selfless Dad work day in day out to make sure my siblings and I never wanted for anything. On top of providing our every needs, Dad always found time to show us he was there for us. He sacrificed so much for us so that we could be who we are today! My biggest inspiration and the most stand up man I know. His dream has always been to drive a Mercedes… so I’m grateful to be in a position to be able to see him Smile like this! Thank you my family @cruz.cars for sourcing this on such short notice! Family over everything… Peace and Love Watch the moment below.   “Honour thy Father and thy Mother” – I’m not really one for long speeches but those of you who know me know how much my parents mean to me. Growing up I watched my selfless Dad work day in day out to make sure my siblings and I never wanted for anything. On top of providing our every needs, Dad always found time to show us he was there for us. He sacrificed so much for us so that we could be who we are today! My biggest inspiration and the most stand up man I know. His dream has always been to drive a Mercedes… so I’m grateful to be in a position to be able to see him Smile like this! Thank you my family @cruz.cars for sourcing this on such short notice! Family over everything… Peace and Love A post shared by  E U G Y (@eugyofficial) on Jul 27, 2019 at 9:14am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Photo Credit: @eugyofficial The post Here’s the Sweet Moment Singer Eugy surprised his Dad with a Car appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija By Bunmi Sofola THE major reason married couples divorce is that they couldn’t stand each other when they were married. Most marriages could be acrimonious, but there are some couples who got along better now they don’t have the responsibilities that committed relationships bring. Mandy, 42 and Frank 39 swore… January 13, 2018 In "News" Sound Sultan One of the easiest things to lose in life is focus. And in the world of entertainment where all that glitters is gold; where it’s so much hype and little substance, it’s easy to think you’ve arrived when you haven’t even set foot on the journey. Picture the… July 21, 2017 In "News" Leo DaSilva regrets alienating his late father during his last months alive as he remembers him. Former Big Brother Naija contestant, Leo Da Silva is remembering his late father and regrets alienating him before his death because of their frosty relationship.The reality TV star and businessman took to his Instagram… October 11, 2018 In "News"