 Nigeria’s main opposition, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has summoned its member, Elisha Abbo, a senator, who was caught on camera assaulting a woman in a sex toy shop in Abuja. The party, in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, said as a law-abiding and upstanding party, it detests and completely condemns such “act of lawlessness and callousness as exhibited in the video and will, therefore, never condone it” “Our party is also shocked that the harmless victim of the unprovoked assault is said to be a nursing mother, who ought to be protected. “Though this is a personal conduct of an individual which has no bearing with the culture of our party, the PDP, however, holds that no responsible person will condone such an attitude.” “In the light of this, the NWC has commenced investigation into the matter and summoned Senator Elisha Abbo, in line with the provisions of the Constitution of the PDP and code of conduct of our members.” He said the party has taken note of the immediate action taken by the Senate. The Senate on Wednesday set up an ad-hoc committee to investigate the incident. “The PDP, at all levels of engagement, is reputed for her utmost respect and commitment towards the rights, safety and wellbeing of our citizens, particularly our women, and cannot tolerate any callous assault on any Nigerian,” Mr Ologbondiyan said. The PDP assured Nigerians that it will always stand on the side of justice and will never spare a thought in taking action on any of its members found wanting, particularly those elected or appointed into public offices. Nigerians have been fuming on social media after a video showing the senator assaulting the woman emerged on this website. Majority of the commentators called on the police to immediately arrest and prosecute the senator, a 41-year-old, considered the youngest member of the ninth Senate.  Mr Abbo was shown in the exclusive CCTV footage, published by PREMIUM TIMES, as he slapped the nursing mother who was trying to appease him. The post JUST IN: PDP Summons Senator Elisha Abbo appeared first on Independent Newspapers Nigeria. Source: Independent Have you seen the video? It was hard to watch. Just a little “Take it easy,” and a senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Elisha Abbo of Adamawa State, is seen on tape slapping around an innocent woman. All because she said “Take it easy.” Elisha Abbo, is said… July 2, 2019 In "Entertainment" The social media space has gone haywire over a recent video that went viral, which saw one of Nigeria’s politicians; Senator Elisha Abbo, assaulting a lady in a sex toy shop, during a slight misunderstanding. Politicians alike have risen up to condemn the inhuman act of the Senator, also adding… July 3, 2019 In "Gists" A Nigerian Senator under the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Elisha Abbo from Adamawa State is currently embroiled in a hot case of Assault.According to Premium Times, Abbo, representing Adamawa North Senatorial District, descended on the woman after she pleaded with him not to physically assault the shopowner whom the senator… July 2, 2019 In "Entertainment"