When actress Genevieve Nnaji celebrated her birthday a few days ago, much of the talk about the photos that circulated on social media centered around how heartwarming it was to see many of her colleagues turn up to show her love and support. Stephanie Linus, Uche Jombo, Rita Dominic, Ini Edo and even her one-time widely rumoured “foe” Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde, were some of the Nollywood stars in attendance What also struck out from the lovely photos was that all the actresses have paid their dues in the industry and can now proudly sit back and watch their careers serve as blueprints for other up-and-coming actors. Many new faces have burst onto the scene and are doing excellently well, with huge promise to become the biggest names of the next generation. Here are some of the brightest stars of Nollywood’s next generation: Jemima Osunde: Osunde, a recent graduate from the College of Medicine, University of Lagos, has shown huge promise as one of the names to watch out for in Nollywood. The Edo State native has delivered convincing roles in movies and series such as ‘Shuga’ and ‘Lionheart’. With distractions of her university degree now out of the way, Osunde can now focus on becoming one of the biggest stars of her generation. Sharon Ooja: Sharon is already a TV screen darling. Her roles in ‘King Of Boys’ and ‘Skinny Girl in Transit’ have ensured that movies lovers in the country have warmed up to her pretty quickly. She has also shown that she is up to the task of handling the pressure that comes with the fame by hosting a couple of events. The Mass Communication graduate will definitely become one of the biggest stars in the industry in no distant future. Timini Egbuson: Timini needs not much introduction, having been a mainstay on the widely watched ‘Tinsel’ TV series since 2010. The Bayelsa native has been very impressive in interpreting his roles in movies and series like ‘Isoken’, ‘Shuga’ and ‘Room 420’. The Psychology graduate will, in a few years, be one of the biggest stars to reckon with in the industry. Ini Dima-Okojie: When Ini Dima decided to resign from her job in the banking industry, she must have been pretty sure she has the talent to interpret roles to perfection on the big screen. She has done excellently well since that time, starring in movies such as ‘North East’ and ‘5ive’ and carting home awards in the process. The International Relations degree holder from Covenant University has also been described as one of the most stylish celebrities in Nigeria. Olumide Oworu: Olumide started out in his career as an actor at a very early age, starring in family soap, ‘Everyday People’. He has since become one of the leading actors among the new generation, with commendable roles in the ‘Shuga’ and ‘The Johnsons’ TV series. Olumide, who has already bagged a couple of awards and recognition for his acting, is poised to become one of the biggest stars in the industry in a few years. Abimbola Craig: Abimbola’s rise to become one of the faces to look out for in Nollywood movies has been quite interesting. She has seamlessly transitioned from being a producer to becoming one of the most sought after actor among her peers. The Law graduate was impressive in her lead role in the movie, ‘Girl In Transit’. She has also played commendable part in the production of shows such as ‘Analyse This’, ‘Rumor Has It’ and ‘The Juice’. Abayomi Alvin: Abayomi has overcome his initial nervousness in front of the camera that caused him to stammer on set to become one of the brightest prospects in Nollywood. He has had convincing roles in ‘Isoken’ and ‘The Johnsons’, as well as in Jenifa’s Diary and ‘MTV Shuga’. The graduate of Sociology and Anthropology from O.A.U has been rewarded with a couple of awards for his role interpretations. The Ekiti State native is well poised to become one of the biggest names of his generation. Seun Ajayi Ajayi has proven he is one of the brightest talents of the new generation with roles in ‘Gidi Up’ and ‘Ojukokoro’. The Ogun State native is one whose name is also poised to be among the biggest of the new generation. Bimbo Ademoye Bimbo’s talent in front of the camera is admirable. She has mentioned how her father encouraged her to take acting roles and it is evident why he would be so supportive of her. She has effortlessly interpreted her roles in ‘Backup Wife’ and ‘Personal Assistant’, picking up a couple of award nominations in the process. There is still a lot to expect from Bimbo in Nollywood, even as she has gained considerable popularity with her fashion style. Samuel Ajibola Ajibola is an all-round talent; He acts, models and hosts events. His comic roles have been applauded by many Nollywood movie lovers. He has delivered convincing performancesÂ in ‘The Johnsons’ and ‘The Call’. AÂ 2017 AMVCA Awards as the ‘Best Actor in a Comedy’ is enough evidence that the University of Lagos graduate has what it takes to be one of his generation’s biggest stars in the future. The post Jemima Osunde, Timini Egbuson And 8 Of Nollywood’s Next Generation Stars appeared first on Nigerian Entertainment Today. Source: The Net