 Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane has not counted three first-team regulars in his plans for the next season and will listen of offers for them.
Real Madrid manager Zinedine Zidane is plotting a massive reshuffle of his squad this summer and will allow a lot of players to leave. While the second fiddles have been linked with transfers and counted out of the Frenchman’s plans, they are not going to raise too much money and thus, Zidane is ready to part with some first-team players as well. As reported by Fox Sports, the Frenchman is willing to let go of Raphael Varane, Isco and Gareth Bale during the summer. All three players have been far from their best this season, mostly like the entire team, and with some reputed European giants coming their way, Florentino Perez and Zinedine Zidane will not stop them. Raphael Varane has already been linked with an exit of late amid rumours that he wants to pursue a new challenge in his career having already won everything possible in the white jersey of Real Madrid. Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are thought to be the teams eyeing his signatures, and now the French outfit could be considered a frontrunner following the Red Devils’ failure in qualifying for the UEFA Champions League for next season. On the other hand, Isco was made to suffer a lot at the hands of Santiago Solari but Zinedine Zidane has given him a lot of opportunities which the former Malaga midfielder has taken nicely. Unfortunately, Christian Eriksen could be set to arrive and may be followed up by Paul Pogba, thus potentially leading to a decrease in playing time as far as Isco is concerned. Zinedine Zidane has never been a fan of Gareth Bale and the fact that his injury antics have now transformed into off-field tantrums, the manager does not want to stand the sight of the Welshman in the next season. Gareth Bale will be sold, but he is the player that Madrid is having the most problem selling given the lack of suitors for him in the thick of injury issues. The post Zidane Calls For Massive Reshuffle, To Sell 3 First Team Regulars Zidane Calls For Massive Reshuffle, To Sell 3 First Team Regulars