Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided his take on his side’s hard-fought win over Partizan. The Red Devils visited the Partizan stadium a short time ago, for their latest Europa League outing. United headed into proceedings looking to establish firm control of the Group L table. Ahead of kick-off, Solskjaer’s men sat level with their opponents this evening atop the group, with 4 points from their opening 2 fixtures. As such, both sides were no doubt aware that a victory in the Serbian capital would see them take a considerable step towards qualification. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done, it was visitors United who emerged with all 3 points. Despite Partizan having created a host of clear-cut goal-scoring chances, Anthony Martial’s spot-kick shortly before the interval eventually proved the difference between the sides. United win the first game away from home since victory against PSG. #mufc — United Xtra (@utdxtra) October 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, as outlined above, Manchester United tonight secured their first win away from home since March. Despite his side’s positive result, however, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer appears far from happy with the performance of the Manchester giants. Speaking in his post-match interview, the Norwegian tactician revealed his frustration with the Red Devils, in particular with the 2nd-half defending, or lack thereof, of the club’s attacking players: ‘I’m not happy with our defending from the front, I thought that was non-existent 2nd half. We don’t want to be a team that just defends inside our box’, the United boss explained. One major positive which Solskjaer was also keen to highlight, though, was the performance of youngster Brandon Williams. Highly-regarded full-back Williams put in a superb shift along United’s left flank this evening, even earning the penalty that eventually decided the matchup. Solskjaer subsequently labelled the 19-year-old the Man of the Match, before adding that his side have ‘found a left-back there’: Time for some immediate reaction to tonight’s game — here’s Ole talking to #MUTV. #MUFC #UEL pic.twitter.com/8pOVfJJpsG — Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js “We got a result, but the performance wasn’t what we hoped for.” “Brandon Williams was absolutely exceptional, man of the match for me.” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer singled out Man Utd’s young left-back for praise after a win in Belgrade. pic.twitter.com/mzFWBls0DS — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Manchester City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s latest activity across social media has been turning plenty of heads this afternoon. United’s disappointing week Solskjaer’s men travelled to AZ Alkmaar this past Thursday, for the club’s 2nd Europa League outing of the campaign. United headed into proceedings having bagged all 3 points… October 5, 2019 In "Sports" Partizan vs Man United Manchester United will travel to Serbia on Thursday as they prepare to take on Partizan Belgrade in a Europa League clash. Thursday’s tie could have huge implications on who comes out on top in Group L. Currently, Partizan and Man United have both amassed four points… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has this evening provided his response to the heavy criticism levelled at his side by former boss Jose Mourinho. United fall flat The Red Devils travelled to the London Stadium a short time ago, to take on West Ham United. United headed into proceedings… September 22, 2019 In "Sports"