The 2018/19 Premier League title race went right down to the wire with Manchester City clinching their second successive PL trophy with a 4-1 win over Brighton on the final day of the season. Liverpool would finish runners-up last campaign with a very respectable 97 points. With the 2019/20 PL season now eight games deep, it once again looks to be Liverpool and Man City battling it out for the top prize in England. Currently, Liverpool are top of the English top-flight in a very commanding position. Jurgen Klopp’s men have won their opening eight league outings this term and are subsequently eight points above 2nd place Man City. 8 – Liverpool have become just the seventh side in history to win each of their opening eight matches to an English top-flight season – and the first to achieve the feat on two occasions having also done so in 1990-91. Behemoth. pic.twitter.com/6Igrfx5T40 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 09: Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp (l) and Pep Guardiola react during the Premier League match between Manchester City and Liverpool at Etihad Stadium on September 9, 2017 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Stu Forster/Getty Images) While Liverpool are certainly in pole position in the title race right now, we are only in October with 30 weeks of PL football still to be played. It is also worth noting that in January of last season, Liverpool had a seven-point lead atop of the Premier League but still conceded the title to Man City. Yet despite is only being early in the campaign, former Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp seems certain the Merseyside powerhouse will win the Premier League, stating in an interview with the Mirror, ‘give them the trophy now’: “Liverpool (will be champions). Give them the trophy now. Absolutely, I’m so sure they will win it now. “They are eight points clear and playing well. “If Manchester City were playing great then maybe not – but they have lost two games. They have lost to Wolves at home which everyone thought was an absolute certainty and they got beat at Norwich. Norwich recently got beat 5-1 by Aston Villa at home. “So they have lost two games that they usually wouldn’t. They haven’t even played the tough games yet, they have got them to come. I can’t see Man City doing it this year.” As quoted by the Mirror. See also: Everton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Chelsea vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Aston Villa vs Brighton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Bournemouth vs Norwich City betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Man United struggling Manchester United’s last outing saw them beaten 1-0 by Newcastle last weekend in a rather flat performance. After that loss, it was revealed Man United are currently experiencing their worst start to a league season since the 1989/90 campaign. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" Man United struggling Manchester United’s last outing saw them beaten 1-0 by Newcastle last weekend in a rather flat performance. After that loss, it was revealed Man United are currently experiencing their worst start to a league season since the 1989/90 campaign. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool ‘bottled’ the title Liverpool had a superb 2018/19 season. They would win their 6th Champions League title and record their highest points total in the Premier League. Jurgen Klopp’s side managed a staggering 97 points in the league but they still failed to come away with the title as… September 27, 2019 In "Sports"