Newcastle United traveled to Leicester in the only Premier League game of the day on Sunday. The Magpies headed into the tie with just one win from six PL outings this campaign. Steve Bruce’s poor form as Newcastle boss would once again continue vs Leicester as well. Ricardo Pereira put the Foxes 1-0 up inside 16 minutes. Isaac Hayden would then get himself sent off for Newcastle just before the break. The second half then saw Leicester run riot over Newcastle, scoring four goals. That Albrighton assist for Vards  @vardy7 • #LeiNew A post shared by  Leicester City (@lcfc) on Sep 30, 2019 at 11:17am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 12: Steve Bruce, Manager of Sheffield Wednesday looks on prior to the Sky Bet Championship match between Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday at The Den on February 12, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by James Chance/Getty Images) After the game, Newcastle midfielder Sean Longstaff has had a few unkind words to say about his side’s display on Sunday. Longstaff labeled the loss ‘f*****g embarrassing’ and stated Newcastle must be much better. However, Longstaff did also thank the Newcastle traveling fans who were stilling signing at the end: “It’s embarrassing. It’s f*****g embarrassing. Sorry for swearing, but it is. There’s nothing else to say other than it’s embarrassing. “As a team, that’s not good enough. You can talk about tactics, the way we were set up or how we didn’t set up. “We must be much, much better and put it behind us and move on quickly. It’s a massive wake-up call. Hopefully, there’s no more days like that. “The away fans travelled again. We should never put them in the position where they’re cheering just for the sake of it. “It’s a tough one. The first half, we go a goal behind, but we’re still getting into some all right positions. The sending off kills the game, but still, the second half is embarrassing. “It’s hard for the fans to take. It’s a Sunday night, late game, miles away from home. They were still singing at the end. We can’t thank them enough for what they bring.” As quoted by the Mirror. Newcastle’s next game sees them host Manchester United on October 6th. See also: Manchester City vs Dinamo Zagreb betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bayern Munich betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals