Everton winger Bernard this afternoon picked up a worrying injury, during the club’s meeting with Brighton & Hove Albion. Marco Silva’s men travelled to the Amex Stadium a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Toffees headed into proceedings on the back of a much-needed, morale-boosting 3 points last time out, when they put West Ham to the sword by 2 goals to nil, in a dominant display. This brought to an end a run of 4 straight league defeats for Everton. As such, the Merseyside outfit no doubt entered this afternoon’s exchanges with their tails up. When all was said and done at the Amex, however, the visitors were brought firmly back down to earth. A hectic 90 minutes eventually saw Brighton emerge with a 3-2 win, as Neal Maupay’s penalty 10 minutes from time was followed by a Lucas Digne own goal, to turn Everton’s advantage on its head. And an altogether-miserable afternoon for Marco Silva’s outfit was also compounded by a blow on the injury front. The player to have picked up the problem was attacker Bernard. With the turf soaked and slippery due to heavy rain, the Brazilian went to ground off the ball, before immediately clutching at his knee in evident pain. This eventually saw Bernard replaced by Gylfi Sigurdsson, with the former having been helped off the pitch by a pair of Everton physios. 29′ Bernard falls awkwardly and is replaced by Sigurdsson.
#BHAEVE ⚪️ 1-1 💙 pic.twitter.com/fbmHaPj5gd — Everton (@Everton) October 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Knee injury. 🚑https://t.co/3OsRCOYAmr#EFC #BHAFC https://t.co/FqOTdMpbMi — Ben Dinnery (@BenDinnery) October 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js It is as of yet unclear how serious Bernard’s problem is, but an update is likely to be forthcoming from Marco Silva imminently. Three key talking points from Man City’s win over Aston Villa Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals Marco Silva this afternoon provided fitness updates on a trio of the club’s stars, ahead of their latest outing this weekend. Brighton vs Everton The Toffees are set to travel to the Amex on Saturday afternoon, for a Premier League clash. Hosts Brighton will head into proceedings on the back… October 24, 2019 In "Sports" Mina injured vs West Ham Everton picked up a much-needed win this past weekend when they saw off West Ham. Bernard and Gylfi Sigurdsson would bag the goals for Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday. During the clash with Manuel Pellegrini’s men, Yerry Mina was one of Everton’s standout stars.… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton manager Graham Potter has this evening provided an update on the fitness of a pair of his side’s key attackers, ahead of their meeting with Everton this weekend. Brighton welcome Everton The Seagulls are set to welcome Marco Silva’s outfit to the Amex on Saturday afternoon, for their latest… October 24, 2019 In "Sports"