Kalvin Phillips is a product of Leeds United’s youth system. The now 23-year-old has amassed 157 appearances across all competitions for the Championship outfit. In those 157 games, the defensive-minded midfielder has scored 11 and assisted nine. After narrowly missing out on promotion last season, Leeds have once again begun the 2019/20 campaign brightly and currently sit 3rd in England’s second division, just two points off table-topping West Brom. Phillips has been an integral member of Leeds’ midfield so far this season, appearing in all 14 of their league ties. BRISTOL, ENGLAND – AUGUST 04:Leeds United manager Marcelo Bielsa during the Sky Bet Championship match between Bristol City and Leeds United at Ashton Gate on August 04, 2019 in Bristol, England. (Photo by Alex Davidson/Getty Images) Given Phillips has been one of the Championship’s top midfielders for several seasons now, it shouldn’t be too much of a surprise to hear a Premier League side are sniffing around the Leeds United man. That club is said to be Manchester United. According to Alan Nixon writing for the Sun, Man United are making checks on Phillips as they plan ahead for next season. Man United’s Mike Phelan is even said to have checked on the midfielder when Leeds faced off with Birmingham last week while coach Kieran McKenna then watched Phillips vs Preston, as per the Sun. United’s transfer strategy does seem to have shifted under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer with the Red Devils bringing in three fairly young British stars this past summer. Phillips would certainly fit that bill being 23 and English. See also: Manchester United linked with Bundesliga duo Havertz & Muller Scott McTominay scores historic goal as Man United see off Norwich Source: Great Goals As per a report from the Bristol Post, despite suggestions to the contrary, it is altogether unlikely that Eddie Nketiah’s loan spell with Leeds United will be cut short in January. Nketiah’s career to date Nketiah, a 20-year-old striker, has been on Arsenal’s books since 2015, when he made the… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" Wolverhampton Wanderers are interested in brining Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips, according to reports, According to Birminghammail.co.uk. Their Midlands neighbours Aston Villa have been extensively linked with Phillips this summer after an impressive season in the Championship. Villa have reportedly had an £11m bid rejected out of hand by Elland… July 11, 2019 In "News" McBurnie charged with drink-driving Oli McBurnie would join newly-promoted Sheffield United over the summer from Swansea City. The Blades are believed to have signed McBurnie for a club-record fee worth up to £20m. McBurnie has since gone on to feature 10 times across all competitions for Sheff United. However, the… October 21, 2019 In "Sports"