Liverpool and Red Bull Salzburg have both been charged by UEFA for separate offences during their Champions League clash on Wednesday evening. The pair faced off in what turned out to be the game of the week at Anfield. Liverpool took the lead through Sadio Mane in the ninth minute after a brilliant pass from Roberto Firmino. Andy Robertson then got one, before Mohamed Salah seemingly put the game beyond Red Bull Salzburg. However, the Austrian club had other ideas. Hwang Hee-chan hit back in the 39th minute, sending Virgil van Dijk to ground with a fake shot before finishing brilliantly. The comeback continued in the second half when Takumi Minamino scored, before Norweigian starlet Erling Braut Haaland brought Salzburg Level. Unfortunately for them, Mohamed Salah’s late goal was enough for the Reds to avoid embarrassment. And breathe… #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Liverpool #UCL #ChampionsLeague A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Oct 2, 2019 at 1:53pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Following that clash on Wednesday, both Liverpool and Red Bull Salzburg have been charged by UEFA, as reported by the Mirror. Starting off with Liverpool, the Reds have been charged in relation to pitch invasions during and after the game. One fan made it onto the pitch in the second half, but was dragged off by security before making it to the dugout. A second incident was reportedly noted after the game when a group of kids ran on the pitch in an attempt to get a players shirt. Meanwhile, Salzburg have been charged after their fans threw objects onto the pitch during the game. While the amount both teams will be charged has not yet been revealed, it’s said the case will be dealt with on October 17th. DANKE für diese überragende Unterstützung! #WirSindSalzburg A post shared by  FC Red Bull Salzburg (@fcredbullsalzburg) on Oct 2, 2019 at 2:56pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js This won’t be the only fine Liverpool have received recently. The Reds were found guilty of fielding an ineligible player in the Carabao Cup last week. Click here to see how they avoided expulsion from the competition. Source: Great Goals