Frank Lampard has criticised Didier Deschamps and the France national team over their management of N’Golo Kante’s injury during the international break. The French midfielder has been struggling with injuries this campaign. As a result, he’s been in and out of the Chelsea squad. Just before the international break, Kante suffered another injury but still joined up with the France national team for the games against Iceland and Turkey. Though, despite being named in the starting eleven to face Iceland, Kante was forced to pull out of the team. As a result of that injury, Kante is set to miss the clash with Newcastle this weekend. Now, Frank Lampard has taken aim at the France national team and manager Didier Deschamps over their management of Kante. ISTANBUL, TURKEY – AUGUST 14: Andrew Robertson of Liverpool and Ngolo Kante of Chelsea during the UEFA Super Cup Final fixture between Liverpool and Chelsea at Vodafone Park on August 14, 2019 in Istanbul, Turkey. (Photo by Matthew Ashton – AMA/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of the Newcastle game, Lampard was clearly unhappy that Kante wasn’t sent home earlier. Despite his injury before the Iceland game, Kante didn’t return until after the Turkey clash. ‘We didn’t get him [Kante] back until after the second game [Turkey] and he’s not fit for Saturday,’ Lampard explained, as quoted by the Mail. ‘Before the international break, I know Didier Deschamps mentioned in jest a little bit about Olivier Giroud and that was obviously quite light-hearted and I get it, we all have our selection problems and he had his in the two games. ‘But the Kante one was not a laughing matter because we communicated before the last international break because he was injured so couldn’t go. Good week #cfc A post shared by  N’Golo Kanté (@nglkante) on Oct 6, 2019 at 12:30pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js ‘Let’s think what benefits the player, he didn’t go, we both agreed on that. That’s how things should work. ‘After the first game when he pulled out, he then had a fitness test the day before the second game, it was clear that he couldn’t play. ‘He then sat on the bench on the evening of the game, so that’s not communication, so it’s not such a laughing matter I suppose.’ See also: Chelsea vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Potentially big blow for Chelsea Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante was forced to withdraw from the France team against Iceland after picking up an injury during the warm-up. Since joining from Leicester back in 2016, Kante has grown into one of the best midfielders in world football. The Frenchman is incredibly important… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Newcastle Chelsea will play host to Newcastle United this weekend. Frank Lampard looks to be finding his feet as Chelsea boss with his side picking up wins in their last four games across all competitions. Two of those victories came in the Premier League vs Brighton and most… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Good and bad news for Chelsea Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has confirmed that N’Golo Kante will miss the clash with Wolves, but Antonio Rüdiger is fit to play. The Blues have had a mixed start to the season. Frank Lampard made his Premier League debut as Chelsea boss against Manchester… September 13, 2019 In "Sports"