Bolt is one of the fastest growing startups in the world with over 30M happy customers in 30+ countries, from Europe to Mexico to Africa. We’re building the future of transport – one platform that connects you with cars, motorcycles, scooter sharing, and anything else you need to move around in your city. Fast, convenient and affordable for everyone, as transport should be. We believe in a future with less car ownership and flexible urban mobility. By bringing reliable on-demand transport to the masses, we’re helping cities evolve towards decreased traffic congestion and pollution. Having reached a $1B valuation in just 5 years, we’re all about hyper-fast growth. And we’re just getting started. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Customer Support Specialist – English & Yoruba Location: Abeokuta, Ogun Job Description
What you’ll be doing: Requirements Benefits Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Customer Support Specialist – English & Yoruba at Bolt Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Bolt is one of the fastest growing startups in the world with over 30M happy customers in 30+ countries, from Europe to Mexico to Africa. We’re building the future of transport – one platform that connects you with cars, motorcycles, scooter sharing, and anything else you need to move around… July 4, 2019 In "Jobs" Bolt is one of the fastest growing startups in the world with over 30M happy customers in 30+ countries, from Europe to Mexico to Africa. We’re building a ride-hailing app to connect millions of riders and drivers around the world to make travel easier, quicker and more reliable.. We are… September 12, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Bolt Nigeria Bolt is one of the fastest growing startups in the world with over 30M happy customers in 30+ countries, from Europe to Mexico to Africa. We’re building a ride-hailing app to connect millions of riders and drivers around the world to make travel easier, quicker and more reliable.… September 12, 2019 In "Gists"