Liverpool and Arsenal treated us to a 10-goal thriller on Wednesday evening. The two sides faced off at Anfield in the League Cup round of 16. After coming from behind on several occasions Liverpool eventually won the tie on penalties. Liverpool have since been drawn against Aston Villa in the League Cup quarter-final. CONFIRMED QUARTER-FINAL DRAW! Here are the confirmed ties for the Quarter-Final draw, current holders @ManCity travel to @SkyBetLeagueOne @OUFCOfficial, and @SkyBetLeagueTwo @ColU_Official travel to Old Trafford to take on @ManUtd. #EFL | #CarabaoCup pic.twitter.com/4yioU7PtBN — Carabao Cup (@Carabao_Cup) October 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool’s English midfielder Curtis Jones (R) celebrates after scoring the winning penalty in a penalty shoot-out during the English League Cup fourth round football match between Liverpool and Arsenal at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on October 30, 2019. – Liverpool won the match after winning the penalty shoot out, following a 5-5 draw in the match. (Photo by Paul ELLIS / AFP) / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or ‘live’ services. Online in-match use limited to 75 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications. / (Photo by PAUL ELLIS/AFP via Getty Images) But as shown by the Evening Standard below, the dates that the LC quarter-finals are supposed to be played on conflict with Liverpool competing in the FIFA Club World Cup. The League Cup ties are scheduled for December 17th and 18th while Liverpool are set to play in the CWC on December 18th. Dec 4: Everton 🇭
Dec 7: Bournemouth
Dec 10: Salzburg
Dec 14: Watford 🇭
Dec 17/18: EFL Cup
Dec 18: CWC
Dec 21: CWC
Dec 26: Leicester
Dec 29: Wolves 🇭
Jan 2: Sheff Utd 🇭
Jan 4: FA Cup
Jan 6/7: EFL Cup Liverpool face nightmare fixture pile-up.https://t.co/Ym5L6ihajw — Standard Sport (@standardsport) October 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After making it to the final eight of the LC, Jurgen Klopp hinted Liverpool may not play the clash: “If they can’t find the proper date for us, and I don’t mean 3am on Christmas Day, then we can’t play the game and our opponents will progress. “We will not be the victims of this problem. I think a lot of people from the Premier League were watching on TV hoping Arsenal do it… Sorry!” As quoted by the Evening Standard. However, Sky Sports News are now reporting that the EFL are open to changing the date of Liverpool’s quarter-final tie. One option being discussed, according to Sky, is playing the clash the week beginning January 6th, the same week the semi-finals are scheduled for. See also: Watford vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Bournemouth vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals The Evening Standard have provided an update on the fitness of Mohamed Salah, after the Liverpool star was forced off late in his side’s victory over Tottenham yesterday evening. Salah decides it Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Spurs to Anfield 24 hours ago, for a high-profile Premier League clash. The hosts… October 28, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool have this evening taken to social media to post a highlight reel of Fabinho’s brilliant display versus Tottenham at the weekend. Liverpool 2-1 Tottenham Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Spurs to Anfield on Sunday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. The Reds headed into proceedings looking to reestablish their… October 29, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool & the 2019 FIFA Club World Cup draw On Monday in Zurich, Switzerland, FIFA will stage the draw for the 2019 Club World Cup. Below is everything Liverpool fans need to know before the draw. What time is the 2019 FIFA Club World Cup draw? The draw will be… September 15, 2019 In "Sports"