Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s latest activity across social media has been turning plenty of heads this afternoon. Solskjaer’s men travelled to AZ Alkmaar this past Thursday, for the club’s 2nd Europa League outing of the campaign. United headed into proceedings having bagged all 3 points in their European season opener, in a 1-0 home victory over Astana. As such, with Alkmaar having been held to a draw in their first group outing versus Partizan Belgrade, the Red Devils headed into proceedings with early control of the Group L table. When the 90 minutes were said and done in the Netherlands, though, United failed to make it 2 wins from 2. A drab affair at the AFAS Stadion eventually saw both sides forced to settle for a point. 10 – Manchester United have failed to win any of their last 10 away matches across all competitions (D4 L6) – they last went on a longer winless run on the road between February and September 1989 (run of 11). Worrying. pic.twitter.com/doznd0WEp9 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This came just 3 days after Manchester United struggled to a 1-1 draw at home to Arsenal, following an equally-aimless display. And, if Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s latest social media activity is anything to go by, then the pressure building as a result of his side’s struggles may be beginning to get to the Red Devils boss. As highlighted by fans across Twitter this afternoon, the Norwegian tactician has deactivated his official Twitter account: Solskjaer have deactivated his twitter account, probably because people have been abusing him online.. Every single person involved should be ashamed! #mufc pic.twitter.com/wN8wypHAnc — United Daily (@UnitedDaily9) October 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js This comes amid suggestions that Solskjaer was being heavily targeted due to United’s recent form. Interestingly, though, one fan account has since posted a personal message that he claims to have received from Solskjaer, before the former Red Devils striker deactivated his Twitter account. The message, according to Sport Bible, came after @utdarena had sent a message of encouragement to the 46-year-old, and read: ‘Hi Sam. Thanks for your message. I’m glad someone can see progress, we do. And the attacking will come.’ Solskjaer on Man United’s draw with AZ Alkmaar: ‘A good point away from home’ Source: Great Goals