Ile-ila  NuMi Design & Polly Alakija NU MI Design House, the integrated interior design, procurement, bespoke furniture manufacturer and home-ware product designer, had its 2019 interior and product design exhibition on Saturday, September 21st and Sunday, September 22nd, 2019.  Ayo amusan & Dupe olusola Nigerian art has captured the imagination of a global audience and introduced a new generation of world-renowned artists to an eager public. But far less known and equally innovative is the emerging Nigerian design sector and a range of creative collaborations between art and design are taking it to a new level.  Ade Bantu and Friend To showcase this unique new sector, NU MI Design House curated the NU MI Design Exhibition, featuring a combination of leading Nigerian artist’s work alongside established and emerging Nigerian furniture and other product designers and a unique selection of NU MI founder, Tanwa Newbold‘s own work, including a stunning collaboration with artist, Polly Alakija. Building on 2018’s first edition hosted at the Oando Wings building, the 2019 NU MI Design Exhibition took place at LASWA Yard, at Falomo Jetty, the new headquarters of maritime Lagos. It featured work from product designers, Studio Lani, Tosin Oshinowo, Alaga collections, Funferekoroye, Kelechi Odu, and Oguma Adegoke alongside renowned artists, Polly Alakija, Ghariokwu Lemi, Olumide Onadipe and a curated selection from the Nike Art Gallery.  Bike Badejo Speaking at the launch, Creative Director and Founder, Tanwa Newbold said: “Whether you are looking for the luxury of a world-renowned furniture producer, the highest quality local design and production or African inspired unique home-ware, the NU MI Design Exhibition has something for you. We are privileged to be able to bring together so many talented designers and I am hugely encouraged by the innovation and creativity that is coming out of Nigeria at the moment. At NU MI, we combine contemporary interior design, with the ability to produce or procure unique pieces, specifically designed to suit your vision. We believe that in a world where choice and flexibility is increasingly important to consumers, we are able to offer a service that maximizes your ability to achieve your vision, whether you want to source locally, or internationally. “ The event was supported by LASWA, the owners of the Yard venue, Bank of Industry, Plascon Paints, Aspire Luxury magazine and La Connaisseur, the exclusive concept store for wine lovers.  Abdulmalik Fahd BBC More information on the event, the exhibitors and the sponsors, can be found here. For inquiries,
Odunayo Ogunbiyi
Odun.ogunbiyi@yahoo.com
08025818137  Lani Adeoye- Studio Lani  Fredrick Van De Vyver and Steve Farry  Frederick Van De Vyver & Ayeni Adekunle  Francisca Akujobi  Ethinik by Tunde Owolabi  Dupe Olusola  Deinte Danprincewill, Ife & Lani Adeoye  Damilola Emmanuel MD LASWA & Tanwa Newbold  Plascon Team  Olumide Onadipe  Olaotan Towry Coker, Tanwa Newbold & Papa Omotayo  Nkem Uwaje Began  Lola Oluwole, Bukky Omoregie & Lara Okubajo  Lemi Ghariokwu and Lani Adeoye  Lauretta Odusolu, Laura Bentley Lifestyles  Lateefat Ayinde & Jason Lambe  Tanwa Newbold and Kelechi Odu  Studio Lani  Rockchique, Ada Ijara & Bella Ikeme  Richard Akerele —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post NU MI Design House had its 2019 Interior & Product Design Exhibition on Saturday + We’ve Lovely Photos appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Heineken®, the global beer brand, in collaboration with Africa’s hottest emerging design talents, Lulu Mutuli and Azra Walji, has launched its first-ever African Fashion Collection at the closing show of the Lagos Fashion and Design Week on Saturday, 28 October 2017. The unique hospitality collection by Heineken was created by… October 29, 2017 In "News" Speakers at the event talked about the relationship between development and culture laying emphasis on digital technology. As 65 artists from 10 African countries came together for one of the biggest art fairs in West Africa, it seems Tokini Peterside&apos;s dream of inspiring people through art had come true.The Civic… November 5, 2017 In "News" Art X Lagos 2017 boldly reinforced Nigeria and Africa’s growing credentials on the global contemporary art scene. The 2017 edition of Art X Lagos opened last weekend to rave reviews.His Highness, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, Emir of Kano, led a field of dignitaries, including the Honourable Minister for Information & Culture,… November 9, 2017 In "News"