As per a report from David Lynch of the Evening Standard, Liverpool star Joel Matip is set for an extended spell on the sidelines with a knee injury. Cameroonian defender Matip has managed an appearance in just 1 of Liverpool’s last 5 fixtures. This comes after the 28-year-old picked up a knee problem during the Reds’ win at Sheffield United late last month. Matip’s absence has been sorely felt, with Jurgen Klopp’s men having looked far less stable with either Joe Gomez or Dejan Lovren partnering Virgil van Dijk at the heart of the club’s backline. This is evidenced by the fact that Liverpool have not kept a clean sheet since their aforementioned victory over Sheffield United. LONDON, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 22: Joel Matip of Liverpool gestures during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Liverpool FC at Stamford Bridge on September 22, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Chloe Knott – Danehouse/Getty Images) As such, all associated with the Merseysiders have no doubt been hopeful of Matip returning to full fitness sooner, rather than later. Jurgen Klopp’s most recent update on the towering stopper last week, meanwhile, suggested that Matip’s injury was not a serious one: ‘It is just a little thing which usually settles in the two weeks.’ ‘It did [settle], but then it came up after the United game and so now we just have to make sure this time it settles finally, that’s all.’ ‘It is not a massive injury. It’s just a bit annoying for him and he cannot [face Genk].’ But, as per the aforementioned report courtesy of the Evening Standard, further tests on the African’s knee having proven far from positive. Matip is said to have suffered a setback in his recovery, which could see him sidelined for 6 weeks. This would rule the former Schalke man out of as many as 10 fixtures, including next month’s crunch top-of-the-table Premier League meeting with Manchester City. Liverpool dealt Joel Matip injury blow with defender facing up to six weeks out with knee problem ✍️ @LynchStandard https://t.co/wrjhI4EKi0 — Standard Sport (@standardsport) October 28, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The latest on Liverpool’s Mo Salah ahead of Arsenal & Aston Villa Sadio Mane reveals intention to remain at Liverpool ‘forever’ Source: Great Goals Man United vs Liverpool Liverpool’s first game back after the latest international break sees them traveling to Manchester United. Jurgen Klopp’s side head into the weekend’s action top of the Premier League table. Liverpool have taken the maximum points available from their opening eight league outings of 2019/20. This has… October 15, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Liverpool head into the weekend’s Premier League action looking to build on their perfect start to the season. So far, Jurgen Klopp’s side have amassed the maximum points available to them from their opening eight PL outings. That has given the Reds an eight-point lead at… October 17, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this evening provided fitness updates on a number of Reds stars, ahead of his side’s meeting with RB Salzburg. Liverpool back in CL action The Merseyside giants are set to welcome Austrian champions Salzburg to Anfield tomorrow night. Liverpool will head into proceedings in search… October 1, 2019 In "Sports"