Everton boss Marco Silva has issued an injury update ahead of his sides hugely important clash with West Ham this weekend. The Toffees have started the season poorly, winning just two games so far. Since the season started, Everton have also lost five games, with four of those losses coming consecutively just before the international break. That has piled the pressure on Marco Silva. The Portuguese boss is the current favourite to be sacked next in the Premier League. Everton’s games don’t get any easier wither, with the Toffees facing off against West Ham, Brighton and Tottenham in their next three league fixtures. Should Everton produce another poor performance against West Ham in front of their own fans, you wouldn’t put it past the Toffees pulling the trigger. Now, ahead of the important clash, Marco Silva has given an injury update. LONDON, ENGLAND – JANUARY 26: Marco Silva, Manager of Everton looks on during the FA Cup Fourth Round match between Millwall and Everton at The Den on January 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) As revealed by Silva in his pre-West Ham press conference, Fabian Delph is a doubt for the game. Delph had to withdraw from the England squad during the international break due to injury. “Fabian is still in doubt,” Silva explained, as quoted by the Liverpool Echo. “Of course we have 24 hours until the game, let’s see how he reacts. He’s getting better, but it’s a decision we make tomorrow.”   Ready for the weekend. #EVEWHU #everton #efc #blues #toffees #training #westham #whu #goodisonpark #pl #premierleague A post shared by  Everton (@everton) on Oct 18, 2019 at 4:48am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Not only could Fabian Delph miss the game, but striker Cenk Tosun has also been ruled out. “Cenk Tosun as well came from the national team with a small issue in his groin,” Silva continued. “It’s nothing special, not too long, but he will be out of tomorrow’s match.”  See also: Everton vs West Ham betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals When will Gomes be back? Everton boss Marco Silva has given an injury update on midfielder Andre Gomes ahead of their clash with Manchester City this weekend. The Portuguese central midfielder was brilliant for Everton last season on loan, and eventually signed permanently over the summer. Though, it’s not been… September 27, 2019 In "Sports" Injury update for Everton before Bournemouth Everton boss Marco Silva has given an injury update on summer signing Jean-Philippe Gbamin ahead of their clash with Bournemouth. The Toffees signed a plethora of players during the summer transfer window. Alex Iwobi, Fabian Delph, Moise Kean and Jean-Philippe Gbamin were the most… September 13, 2019 In "Sports" Bleak situation at Everton Everton have no plans to sack Marco Silva after a run of four defeats in the Premier League against Bournemouth, Sheffield United, Man City and Burnley. Silva is well and truly under pressure at Goodison Park. The Portuguese boss joined Everton last season with Marcel Brands also… October 11, 2019 In "Sports"