Manchester City have had a fairly torrid time with injuries this season. Despite it only being October, all three of Man City’s senior central defenders have already suffered some sort of injury with Aymeric Laporte still on the side-lines. Fernandinho and Rodri have been featuring as makeshift centre-backs in recent times but then Rodri would be injured vs Atalanta earlier this week. Pep Guardiola would also confirm on Friday that Oleksandr Zinchenko could be out for around four to five weeks while Rodri could return after the next international break. Manchester City’s Spanish midfielder Rodri (R) leaves the pitch injured during the UEFA Champions League Group C football match between Manchester City and Atalanta at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester, northwest England on October 22, 2019. (Photo by Oli SCARFF / AFP) (Photo by OLI SCARFF/AFP via Getty Images) Given City’s injury troubles and their upcoming heavy fixture list, especially over the winter period, it’s no surprise Guardiola admitted his concern that City do not have enough players in a few positions: “Some are muscular, others in the past were ligaments – (there are) not many we don’t have. We are in a bad period in that sense. “When I’m thinking after the international break – November, December, January, February – yes, I’m a little bit concerned because in a few positions we don’t have enough players.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. However, despite this admission, Pep went on to state he doesn’t think the Citizens will buy in January, claiming he thinks City will stick with their current crop of players for the rest of the season: “I think we are not going to buy. The club didn’t introduce me to the players they thought could help us, so without that, it’s not going to happen. “Our need is not just for six months, it’s for a long time and the important players will not be sold. We are going to stay all the season, I think, with all the players we have right now.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. Manchester City are now set to host Aston Villa in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. City head into the tie six points off league leaders Liverpool and can reduce that gap to three points for a day at least with Liverpool playing Tottenham on Sunday. As for Aston Villa, they are currently 12th in the Premier League. See also: Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions West Ham vs Sheffield United betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Watford vs Bournemouth betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions    Source: Great Goals Man City dominate Atalanta Manchester City played host to Serie A outfit Atalanta on Tuesday evening. The Citizens were looking to make it three wins out of three in the Champions League this season. However, things did not start so brightly for Pep Guardiola’s men with Atalanta taking the lead… October 23, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has this afternoon provided respective updates on the fitness of Rodri and Oleksandr Zinchenko. City vs Villa The English champions are set to welcome Aston Villa to the Etihad tomorrow afternoon, in the day’s early Premier League kick-off. City will head into proceedings having put… October 25, 2019 In "Sports" Man City to take on Atalanta Manchester City will go head-to-head with Atalanta on Tuesday in the Champions League. City will no doubt be looking to make it three wins out of three in CL games this season after Pep Guardiola’s men beat Dinamo Zagreb 2-0 and Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0… October 21, 2019 In "Sports"