Jason Burt of the Telegraph has this evening provided an in-depth insight into the apparent plans of both the management team and board at Manchester United, on the back of the club’s dismal start to the new season. After clearing out the likes of wantaway attackers Alexis Sanchez and Romelu Lukaku, and reinforcing the club’s backline with the big-money additions of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Harry Maguire, Manchester United headed into the 2019/20 campaign with fresh hope of finally putting their recent struggles on the pitch firmly behind them. The season also came on the back of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s first summer overseeing proceedings at Old Trafford, a key element in the preparations of any side. What has subsequently unfolded over the weeks and months since, though, has proven nothing short of a disaster. The Red Devils have managed just 2 wins from their opening 8 fixtures of the Premier League season. This leaves United sitting precariously 2 points clear of the English top-flight relegation zone. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just nine points from their opening eight Premier League matches this season (W2 D3 L3), their worst start to a league season since 1989-90 (8 points) when they went on to finish 13th. Worrying. pic.twitter.com/oV2kDjRkri — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The Manchester giants have also not fared much better in cup competitions. Though they did manage to secure their place in the 4th round of the League Cup, Solskjaer’s men only did so via a penalty shootout victory over League One outfit Rochdale. United also struggled to a 1-0 win over Astana in their Europa League opener, before disappointing en route to a 0-0 stalemate at AZ Alkmaar. As per the aforementioned report from the Telegraph’s Jason Burt, though, the Red Devils’ struggles do not appear to have come as a major surprise within the internal ranks at Old Trafford. It is claimed that those in charge of the Manchester powerhouse are of the opinion that the club are still a hefty 6-8 players short of competing for major honours. As such, accordingly, United will attempt to bring in 4 key arrivals next summer, before doing so again in 2021. The extent of the club’s struggles to this point in the current season could even see one major target brought in in January. This plan, meanwhile, is all reportedly in keeping with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s 3-year vision at United. The Norwegian tactician maintains the backing of the United hierarchy, with those in charge at Old Trafford having pledged to ‘show patience’ with their under-fire boss: ‘Ole is looking at a three-year vision of a squad. It will be an evolution over the coming years. We are at base camp now.’ Manchester United target eight signings over next two summers with commitment to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s ‘three-year vision’ https://t.co/MBGJgyEb0k via @telefootball — Jason Burt (@JBurtTelegraph) October 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Paul Pogba has a small crack in his toe before Liverpool & claims of Man United’s verbal deal with Mario Mandzukic Ole Gunnar Solskjaer receives the dreaded vote of confidence before Liverpool & Man United linked with Declan Rice Source: Great Goals Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s latest activity across social media has been turning plenty of heads this afternoon. United’s disappointing week Solskjaer’s men travelled to AZ Alkmaar this past Thursday, for the club’s 2nd Europa League outing of the campaign. United headed into proceedings having bagged all 3 points… October 5, 2019 In "Sports" As per a report form the Sun, Alexis Sanchez’s Manchester United departure was met with widespread approvement from the rest of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad. United struggles Chilean international Sanchez of course made the move to Old Trafford in January of last year, on the back of a scintillating stint… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports"