Former Manchester United and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is reportedly waiting for a Premier League job after rejecting the chance to take over at Lyon. Mourinho has been out of the job since being sacked by United at the back end of 2018. After a poor run of results, the Portuguese manager was sacked following defeat against Liverpool. Since then, Mourinho has mainly remained in the shadows, appearing most notably as a pundit on Sky Sports. Though, he has been linked with a couple of jobs. Most notably, he was recently tipped for the Tottenham job if Mauricio Pochettino was sacked. According to reports, the Spurs job appeals to Mourinho. Now, it’s been suggested Mourinho is holding out for a Premier League job. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 27: Jose Mourinho, Manager of Manchester United looks on prior to the UEFA Champions League Group H match between Manchester United and BSC Young Boys at Old Trafford on November 27, 2018 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images) According to RMC, as cited by Get France Football News, Jose Mourinho was contacted by Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas over the vacant managerial position. Though, it’s claimed: ‘The Portuguese tactician has turned down the opportunity.’ The report continues by explaining that contact was made yesterday, but Aulas’ approach was turned down for a specific reason. Mourinho made ‘clear that he would like to take up a position soon notably in England, where his family is currently living.’ The big question is what Premier League club could he join? Well, as mentioned earlier, Mourinho is reportedly attracted to the idea of Tottenham. Mauricio Pochettino is firmly under pressure and could either leave or be sacked at the end of the season. Marco Silva is also under pressure at Everton and the Toffees could hypothetically make a move for Mourinho. Unai Emery, while not in as bad of a position as Silva, is also somewhat under pressure.   L’Olympique Lyonnais a décidé de mettre en œuvre une procédure pouvant aboutir à la rupture du contrat de travail de Monsieur Sylvio Mendes Campo Júnior. Pendant le déroulé de cette procédure l’entraînement sera assuré par Monsieur Gérald Baticle sous la direction du directeur sportif Juninho. #lyon #teamOL Olympique Lyonnais has decided to implement a procedure that could lead to the break of the contract of Mr Sylvio Mendes Campo. During the course of this procedure, training will be provided by Mr. Gerald Baticle under the direction of the Sporting Director, Juninho. A post shared by  Olympique Lyonnais (@ol) on Oct 7, 2019 at 11:57am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Despite talk of a return to the Premier League, Mourinho is reportedly being lined up by Real Madrid. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Tottenham’s poor form Tottenham have had a horrendous start to their 2019/20 campaign by their usual standards. Mauricio Pochettino managed to guide his Spurs side all the way to the 2019 Champions League final last season. However, despite having kept pretty much the same squad as last campaign, plus the… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho, currently out of a job, has today opened up on the necessary ambitions of any outfit whom may hope to coax him back into management. Mourinho’s recent struggles Portuguese tactician Mourinho was relieved of his duties at Premier League giants Manchester United last December, following a dismal start… September 19, 2019 In "Sports" <p class="">Since his firing, the Portugual coach has been quiet and everyone had been dying to hear from him.</p> <h1>Jose Mourinho had his first public appearance since he was sacked from his position as manager of the Manchester United.Â </h1> <p class="">Following a slew of fluttering results and reports of several… January 20, 2019 In "News"