Joe Willock is a product of Arsenal’s youth system. The 20-year-old has been impressing for the Gunners this season, particularly in the Europa League. Willock has started in both of Arsenal’s EL ties this campaign, finding the back of the net on both occasions. Willock also got himself on the scoresheet in Arsenal’s League Cup clash vs Nottingham Forest and he has made six Premier League appearances already this season. Unai Emery has also revealed that he challenged Willock to help fill the void left by Aaron Ramsey and Jack Wilshere in the Arsenal squad. Wilshere would leave for West Ham in July of 2018 whilst Ramsey departed for Juventus over the summer. When speaking about Willock, Emery stated: “He deserved to start this season with the first-team and with us. My decision was after I saw him the last two months of last season working with us, his really big challenge was that Jack Wilshere left here, Aaron Ramsey left and he had to take that opportunity to be with us. “The last months of last year was the moment I spoke with him and said: ‘For you it is a big challenge in the new season to do differently and really show us you can take their position in this squad’.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 13: Joe Willock of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League Group E match between Arsenal and Qarabag FK at Emirates Stadium on December 13, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Marc Atkins/Getty Images) Arsenal’s next clash sees them host Bournemouth on Sunday. Given how well Willock has been performing so far this season, Arsenal fans will probably be hopefully he starts vs the Cherries. The Gunners headed into the weekend’s action 4th in the league with 12 points from seven games. As for Bournemouth, they were in 8th spot, just one point behind Unai Emery’s side. +3 , good to get a goal to top off a good performance @arsenal A post shared by  Child Of God (@joewillock) on Oct 3, 2019 at 3:17pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: West Ham United vs Crystal Palace live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds West Ham vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals