Hakim Ziyech has been on Ajax’s books for just over three years now. The attacking midfielder joined the Dutch champions in August of 2016 from FC Twente. Ziyech is said to have cost Ajax around £9.9m. That fee looks to have been a real bargain given how well Ziyech has performed for Ajax. In 148 appearances for Ajax, Ziyech has found the back of the net on 46 occasions and provided a staggering 70 assists. The 26-year-old’s emphatic form has also continued into the 2019/20 campaign with Ziyech already scoring six and assisting nine this season. Ziyech is also capable of doing it on the big stage, scoring three and assisting three as Ajax made it to the semi-finals of the 2018/19 Champions League. DOETINCHEM, NETHERLANDS – MAY 15: Hakim Ziyech of Ajax during the Dutch Eredivisie match between De Graafschap v Ajax at the De Vijverberg on May 15, 2019 in Doetinchem Netherlands (Photo by Erwin Spek/Soccrates/Getty Images) Now, with Ziyech once again impressing this campaign, former Tottenham man Rafael van der Vaart has been advocating for the North London outfit to sign the midfield maestro. Van der Vaart even claims to have messaged Spurs chairman Danny Levy about signing Ziyech after this season: “I really hope he goes to Tottenham Hotspur, I sent a message today to [Daniel] Levy, I said: Get Ziyech after this season. “I am convinced that he becomes a sensation in London, and I also wish him that. “I hope Spurs takes him and we will see.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. With Christian Eriksen’s current Spurs contract set to expire in July of 2020, signing Ziyech as a replacement for the Dane may actually be a solid idea. Ziyech’s current contract is set to run until 2022. See also: Aurier the liability, phenomenal Fabinho and 4 key talking points from Liverpool’s comeback win over Spurs Ian Wright calls on Xhaka to apologise to Arsenal fans after Crystal Palace Source: Great Goals Ajax technical director Marc Overmars has made a public pitch to Arsenal for winger Hakim Ziyech, who he believes would be high enough class to directly replace Mesut Ozil at a fraction of the cost. The 46-year-old Dutchman, a former Gunner during his playing days when he spent three seasons at Highbury,… July 15, 2019 In "News" Ajax have set their price at Â£30million for winger Hakim Ziyech amid interest fromÂ ArsenalÂ andÂ LiverpoolÂ in the Premier League. The Moroccan played a starring role for the Dutch champions this season as they went on to win theÂ Eredivisie and reached the Champions League semi-finals. Frenkie de Jong has already been sold toÂ BarcelonaÂ for… June 15, 2019 In "News" Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is looking to move for one of the most highly rated Brazilian internationals in the near future. Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is the head to one of the world’s best footballing squads, that has enjoyed one of its most successful periods in the last… July 25, 2019 In "News"