Boubakary Soumare made the switch to Lille in 2017, moving from Ligue 1 giants PSG. Soumare did not feature for PSG’s first-team during his stint in Paris but he has since become a regular feature of Lille’s senior side. The 20-year-old has featured in 52 games across all competitions for Lille. Despite being so young, the defensive midfielder has been an integral part of Lille’s squad this campaign, playing in 13 of their 14 games across all competitions, including in three Champions League matches. Soumare has also earned a fair bit of football for France’s youth sides, including 12 appearances for their under-19 team. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – APRIL 21: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester United at Goodison Park on April 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Now, after an impressive start to the 2019/20 campaign, Soumare looks to be attracting the attention of a Premier League side. That team, according to ESPN, is Manchester United. The Red Devils are said to have scouted Soumare on several occasions already this season, including against Valencia in the CL, as per ESPN. Soumare is also set to be out of contract with Lille in July of 2020. So, unless he signs a new deal, United may be able to sign the midfielder to a pre-contract agreement from as early as January. ESPN claim Soumare is valued at around €35-40m but they also mention how he could be available for free from January: He is rated at around €35 to 40 million. If he doesn’t extend his contract, however, he could be signed for nothing from January.   An assist so good, it belongs in an art gallery Brilliant from Dimitar #Berbatov! #MUFC #GoalOfTheDay A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Oct 29, 2019 at 11:06am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Chelsea vs Manchester United betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth round match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Arsenal betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Lille vs Chelsea Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage… October 2, 2019 In "Sports" Lille standout Victor Osimhen joined Lille this past summer from Belgium outfit RSC Charleroi. Lille are believed to have paid around £10.8m for Osimhen’s services. In his short stint in France Osimhen has been in fine form. The 20-year-old has played 12 games across all competitions for the Ligue 1… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" Mandzukic linked with Man United Mario Mandzukic joined Manchester United in 2015 from Atletico Madrid. Mandzukic has gone on to feature 162 times across all competitions for Juventus. In those 162 games, the Croatian has scored 44 and assisted 24. However, the 33-year-old is rather struggling for game time under… September 30, 2019 In "Sports"