Burnley face a trip to Sheffield United this coming Saturday. The Clarets head into the match experiencing a bit of a dip in form after losing their last two league ties vs Leicester and Chelsea. They will likely face another tough test this weekend vs a high-flying Sheffield United. Despite it being the Blade’s first season back in the English top-flight, they have hit the ground running and are up to 8th in the table. Sheff United are not the most competent side in front of goal but they do boast the joint best defensive record in the English top-flight, along with Liverpool and Leicester. So, they will likely prove a tough nut to crack for Burnley. Check out 101’s betting tips for the clash here. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 28: Chris Wilder the head coach / manager of Sheffield United during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Liverpool FC at Bramall Lane on September 28, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/Getty Images) It also looks as though Burnley will have to face Sheffield United’s sturdy backline without one of their main forwards. Chris Wood missed Burnley’s last clash, which saw them comprehensively beaten 4-2 by Chelsea. Wood had been in fine form for Burnley prior to the Chelsea game, netting four in his last four league appearances. And now, Dyche has confirmed on Thursday that the 27-year-old remains a doubt for this weekend. Dyche would also confirm that Phil Bardsley is a doubt. Sean Dyche confirms that striker Chris Wood remains a doubt for the weekend game @SheffieldUnited, as does Phil Bardsley.
JBG still absent — Burnley FC (@BurnleyOfficial) October 31, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Watford vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Bournemouth vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals McBurnie charged with drink-driving Oli McBurnie would join newly-promoted Sheffield United over the summer from Swansea City. The Blades are believed to have signed McBurnie for a club-record fee worth up to £20m. McBurnie has since gone on to feature 10 times across all competitions for Sheff United. However, the… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Southampton Southampton have had a fairly average start to the 2019/20 season. The Saints head into the weekend’s action in 13th place with four points. Southampton’s last game saw them draw 1-1 with Manchester United, despite having 10 men for some of the second half. Ralph Hasenhuttl… September 12, 2019 In "Sports" Sheffield United vs Liverpool Sheffield United are set to take on Liverpool in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. The Blades have had an ok start the Premier League season and currently sit 10th in the table. However, they must play host to a Liverpool side in superb form. Jurgen Klopp’s… September 26, 2019 In "Sports"