Manchester United legend Roy Keane has this evening revealed his opinion that his former club should attempt to secure the signature of Tottenham talisman Harry Kane, in a bid to solve their goal-scoring woes. The Red Devils welcomed Liverpool to Old Trafford a short time ago, for a high-profile Premier League showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings on markedly-differing recent runs of form. Hosts United had notched just 1 win from their last 5 outings across all competitions. This left Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men sitting 15th in the English top-flight ahead of kick-off, a point clear of the relegation zone. Liverpool, on the other hand, were flying high atop the Premier League table, having picked up a perfect 8 wins from 8. As such, ahead of things getting underway this evening, the visitors were understandably viewed as heavy favourites. When all was said and done in Manchester, however, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s United held their own, to eventually emerge with a point. Marcus Rashford opened the scoring late in the first-half, before Adam Lallana notched a crucial equaliser for Liverpool 5 minutes from time. United, for the most-part, performed quite well this evening, despite having been up against the firmly in-form champions of Europe. Though Liverpool proved the better side for much of the second-half, the hosts were on top over the course of the opening 45 minutes. The solitary goal to show for their efforts, however, evidently did not prove enough. As such, after Marcus Rashford found the net for the 4th time in the Premier League this season, a key talking point in the Sky Sports studio following the full-time whistle surrounded the centre-forward situation at Old Trafford. United of course sold Romelu Lukaku during the summer, but opted not to replace the Belgian. And they have since gone on to notch just 10 goals across their 9 league outings to this point in the campaign, compared to Liverpool’s 21, and Manchester City’s hefty 29. As a result, many have already begun to question the wisdom of those in charge of transfers at United, with most of the opinion that a proven goal-scorer is a must for a club with the stature of the Red Devils. One individual very much of such an opinion, meanwhile, is Roy Keane. Speaking on Sky Sports this evening, the club legend even went as far as to name the ideal addition to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s front-line. The player in question? Tottenham’s Harry Kane. Check out the footage below: “Go and get Kane from Spurs, it’s easy. What are you all staring at?” 😳 Roy Keane’s simple answer to #MUFC‘s striker situation was to go and sign Harry Kane. ✍️ pic.twitter.com/8HOygIN02a — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) October 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sheffield United vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals