Manchester City’s Sergio Aguero has once again been an integral member of the Sky Blue’s squad this season. The forward has found the back of the net eight times in eight Premier League outings this campaign. However, it has been reported that Aguero was involved in a small car collision on Wednesday morning. BREAKING Sergio Aguero involved in car crash before Man City traininghttps://t.co/nC3pNTUuBU pic.twitter.com/VXOoON6E4S — Mirror Football (@MirrorFootball) October 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js But thankfully, Sky Sports News have reported that the City forward has come out of the incident unscathed. LONDON, ENGLAND – APRIL 14: Sergio Aguero of Manchester City warms up ahead of the Premier League match between Crystal Palace and Manchester City at Selhurst Park on April 14, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Julian Finney/Getty Images) The Daily Mail’s Jack Gaughan would also claim that Aguero has been dealing with a slight heel problem. However, the 31-year-old will reportedly be fine for Man City’s trip to Crystal Palace on Sunday. Aside from crash this morning, Sergio Aguero has been managing a slight heel problem but will be fine for Palace on Sat. — Jack Gaughan (@Jack_Gaughan) October 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js City head into the weekend’s action eight points behind league leaders Liverpool. But Pep Guardiola’s side have the chance to put some pressure on their title rivals by picking up the three points on Saturday as Liverpool do not play till Sunday when they face off with Manchester United. However, Crystal Palace will be no walk in the park for the Manchester outfit. The Eagles have had a solid start to the 2019/20 season and currently sit 6th in the English top-flight, just two points behind the Citizens. Palace would also beat Manchester City 3-2 in the league last season. See also: Man City’s Kevin De Bruyne & John Stones injury news before Crystal Palace Former Man City boss urges Phil Foden to consider January loan move  Source: Great Goals Argentina boss on Sergio Aguero Sergio Aguero has been in fine form for Manchester City once again this season. The now 31-year-old looks as deadly as ever in front of goal. In Man City’s opening eight Premier League games this season, Aguero has found the back of the net on… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" Foden’s Man City stint 19-year-old Phil Foden is a product of Manchester City’s youth system. The promising midfielder has made 40 appearances for Manchester City’s senior side during his tenure at the club, scoring eight and assisting three. However, Foden is struggling to hold down any regular first-team football with… October 16, 2019 In "Sports" Aguero vs Jesus Sergio Aguero has been in fine form so far this Premier League campaign. The Argentine had scored eight and assisted two heading into this past weekend’s Premier League action. Man City would take on Everton on Saturday after Liverpool extended their lead at the top of the… September 30, 2019 In "Sports"