Bedmate Furniture Limited is one of the Best Furniture company in Nigeria. Our Aesthetic designed product coupled with Quality furniture gives our customers value for their money, which is of no wonder that they keep patronizing us. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-political and non-religious international aid organization. Our teams are committed to supporting civilians’ victims of marginalization and exclusion, or hit by natural disasters, wars and economic collapses, by answering their fundamental needs. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Slot: 2 Openings Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  The Delta State University was established by the Delta State University Edict 1998 to encourage the advancement of learning through academic excellence, integrity and honesty in research; and meeting the human capital needs of the State, Nigeria and the world at large. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Now Hiring at Premiere Urgence Internationale, Bedmate Furniture Nigeria & Delta State University (October, 2019 Jobs) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-political and non-religious international aid organization. Our teams are committed to supporting civilians’ victims of marginalization and exclusion, or hit by natural disasters, wars and economic collapses, by answering their fundamental needs. Our aim is to provide emergency relief to uprooted people… September 5, 2019 In "Gists" Premiere Urgence Internationale (PUI) is a non-governmental, non-profit, non-political and non-religious international aid organization. Our teams are committed to supporting civilians’ victims of marginalization and exclusion, or hit by natural disasters, wars and economic collapses, by answering their fundamental needs. Our aim is to provide emergency relief to uprooted people… October 22, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Deep Blue Energy Services Limited Deep Blue Energy Services Limited (DBESL), is a resource and solution management company that specializes in assisting international/Local companies in identifying Potential market opportunities, assisting with permits, sourcing highly skilled employees, bidding on and negotiating contracts and navigating the often complex political and policy environment… September 5, 2019 In "Gists"