An incredible evening at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium tonight saw former Arsenal starlet Serge Gnabry grab the headlines, with a wonderfully-taken poker. Mauricio Pochettino’s men welcomed Bundesliga champions Bayern to London a short time ago, for a Champions League Group B clash. Hosts Spurs headed into proceedings already under pressure, having fluffed a 2-goal advantage in their European season opener to eventually stutter to a 2-2 draw. Bayern, on the other hand, made short work of Red Star Belgrade two weeks ago, to take early control of the group. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done in the English capital this evening, the German giants only further cemented their status as Group B’s team to beat. Tottenham actually took the lead early on, and deservedly so, when Heung-min Son found the bottom corner of Manuel Neuer’s net. The visitors, though, did not lose their cool, and pulled level in style just 3 minutes later. A superb strike from Joshua Kimmich from outside the box left Hugo Lloris with no chance. An incredibly-open half ensued, eventually leading to Bayern finding the net again on the stroke of the interval. After Corentin Tolisso saw a penalty shout waved away, the ball dropped to Robert Lewandowski on the edge of the area. And, as he had already managed on 12 occasions this season, the Pole went on to find the net, courtesy of a wonderful swivel and rifled finish. 13 – Robert Lewandowski has scored 13 goals in just 10 appearances in all competitions for Bayern Munich this season, more than any other player in the big-five European leagues. Ruthless. pic.twitter.com/TsNqAOm7aX — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The early exchanges of the second 45 then saw the clash decided, in Bayern’s favour. A brace in the space of 3 minutes from Serge Gnabry sucked the air out of the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, before the German international capped off an absolutely incredible individual performance with his 3rd AND 4th of the night in the game’s closing 10 minutes. The fact that it was Gnabry who stole the show, meanwhile, has certainly not been lost on fans. The 24-year-old came up through the youth ranks of Spurs’ fierce rivals Arsenal, but departed after finding game-time hard to come by under Arsene Wenger. Serge Gnabry takes on Scott Parker of Fulham during the Barclays Premier League match between Arsenal and Fulham. (Photo by Clive Mason/Getty Images) Gnabry now, though, looks an absolute world-beater. The wide-man terrorised Serge Aurier throughout the 90 minutes tonight, showcasing pace, close control, and, above all else, an unrelenting eye for goal. All 4 of Gnabry’s finishes were of the highest quality, with Tottenham having simply had no answer for the direct nature of the explosive German. Serge Gnabry stirring the pot in North London! The former Arsenal man puts Bayern Munich 4-1 up at Spurs  pic.twitter.com/rragGU3NcZ — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Hat-trick for Serge Gnabry What a return to North London  pic.twitter.com/ejqPayKgTE — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Robert Lewandowski also capped off a fine Bayern move to notch his brace 3 minutes from time, just moments before Gnabry found the corner with his poker-sealing strike. One of Arsenal’s current stars, meanwhile, has since taken to social media to react to Gnabry’s staggering night’s work. The individual is Hector Bellerin, with the Spaniard having posted the following on Twitter: – @SergeGnabry joke man — Héctor Bellerín (@HectorBellerin) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Max Allegri learning English as former Juventus boss eyes Man United post – Guardian Liverpool vs RB Salzburg betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Eddie Nketiah proved to be the match-winner as Arsenal made it two wins from two on their pre-season tour of the United States with a 2-1 victory over Bayern Munich, according to Teamtalk.com reports. After a goalless first half, Emery’s side took the lead four minutes after the restart when… July 18, 2019 In "News" Tottenham vs Bayern Tottenham are set to play host to Bayern Munich on Tuesday evening. Spurs began their Champions League campaign in somewhat disappointing fashion as they drew 2-2 with Olympiacos. Mauricio Pochettino’s side are 2nd in Group B with Bayern in top spot after they saw of Red Star… October 1, 2019 In "Sports" Lloris doesn’t think he’ll end career at Spurs Hugo Lloris joined Tottenham in August of 2012, moving from Ligue 1 outfit, Lyon. Spurs are believed to have paid in the region of £11.34m for Lloris’ services. Lloris has gone on to play 303 games across all competitions for Tottenham. In… September 17, 2019 In "Sports"