England’s comfortable win in Bulgaria tonight has been catching headlines throughout the European media, but, unfortunately, not as a result of the action on the pitch. Gareth Southgate’s men visited the Stadion Vasil Levski a short time ago, for their latest Euro 2020 qualifier. England headed into proceedings in search of an immediate bounce-back result, on the back of their first defeat in a qualifying fixture in 10 years last week. The Three Lions were put to the sword by 2 goals to 1 by the Czech Republic, a result which saw the victors join England atop the Group A table (albeit with the Czechs having played a game more). When all was said and done in Sofia tonight, though, the visitors bounced back, and in style. A blitzing opening 45 minutes saw England put the result beyond any shadow of doubt before the half-time whistle had even blown. Ross Barkley proved the star of the early exchanges, notching 2 goals and an assist, with Marcus Rashford and Raheem Sterling having also been on target. Sterling then added his 2nd 20 minutes from time, before Harry Kane capped a comprehensive win for the Three Lions in the 85th-minute. However, as outlined above, while the Three Lions’ impressive display and 3-point haul should obviously have been the main talking point surrounding tonight’s events in Sofia, this proved far from the case. Unfortunately, the headlines were stolen by a small section of the Bulgarian crowd. The individuals in question first targeted a number of England’s stars, in particular Tyrone Mings, with racist chants and monkey noises, amid truly testing circumstances for the visitors: “In the space of ten minutes we heard six separate incidents of monkey chants towards England players” @SkySportsNews duo @RobDorsettSky and @SkyKaveh bring you the latest from Bulgaria v England More: https://t.co/uT2UC72Ubc pic.twitter.com/7gcOOJr3GK — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The abuse of Tyrone Mings from supporters in the home section is disgraceful and clearly audible. Has to be time for step two of the Uefa protocol. #kickitout — Henry Winter (@henrywinter) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Incredibly, things only escalated from there, as the section of ‘fans’ in question began gesturing with nazi salutes, and holding up articles of clothing mocking UEFA’s respect campaign: Truly disgusting scenes in Sofia. ITV shows footage of Tyrone Mings asking the linesman “have you heard that?” as he is clearly racially abused. Footage then shows Bulgaria fans making monkey chants, giving the Nazi salute and holding up shirts saying “UEFA No Respect” on them. — Joe Prince-Wright (@JPW_NBCSports) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Disgusting. pic.twitter.com/a0gfQZhoVF — BeanymanSports (@BeanymanSports) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js A major sanction will now no doubt be forthcoming on the part of UEFA. The latest on Anthony Martial ahead of Man United’s clash with Liverpool Man United’s Daniel James insists he is ‘fine’ after nasty collision vs Croatia Source: Great Goals