Premier League giants Arsenal and Manchester City have this evening both been linked with potential swoops for on-loan Real Madrid starlet Martin Odegaard. Odegaard, a 20-year-old Norwegian midfielder/attacker, has been on Real’s books since January of 2015. After emerging as one of European football’s hottest properties in his home country with Stromsgodset over the course of the season prior, Los Blancos beat off all competition to secure the starlet’s signature for a fee of around 4 million Euro. Incredibly, despite having made the move to the Bernabeu at the tender age of 16, Odegaard had already represented Norway at senior level, having become the youngest player in history to do so in August of 2014. The years since, though, have subsequently seen the starlet fail to make any sort of impact in the Spanish capital. This has resulted in a number of loan spells away from Real over the last couple of seasons. The 2018/19 campaign saw Odegaard ply his trade in the Eredivisie, with Vitesse. And it was this stint that saw the Norwegian finally begin to turn his unquestionable potential into consistent brilliance on the pitch. Across 39 appearances in all competitions, he racked up 11 goals and 12 assists. Odegaard also showcased his impressive versatility, lining out most consistently as a right winger, but also in a playmaker role and in the middle of the park. Martin Ødegaard in Eredevise’s team of the season. Only player who doesn’t belong to the top two clubs in Holland PSV – Ajax. Whata a season. pic.twitter.com/jx0N7yMT4u — A. (@KaizerT8) May 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The new campaign, meanwhile, has since seen the creative youngster sent out on loan once more, this time with Real Sociedad. And Odegaard has carried his stellar form into the early weeks of the season, with a number of standout displays. As such, amid claims that Real Madrid have no plans to integrate the 20-year-old into their squad next year, it has come as little surprise to see Odegaard tipped for a permanent move to another European heavyweight. And, as per a report from Spanish outlet El Desmarque, among the clubs interested in the Blancos starlet are Manchester City and Arsenal. Both Premier League giants, along with Borussia Dortmund, are said to hold a keen interest in Odegaard. Real, for their part, are ready to part ways with the attacker, if their valuation is met. The capital powerhouse, though, will reportedly demand €80 million. Roy Keane heavily critical of Arsenal’s Nicolas Pepe after Man United draw: ‘He didn’t seem up for the fight’ Unai Emery doesn’t think he has a communication problem with Arsenal players Source: Great Goals