Alexis Sanchez had a fairly torrid time while honing his craft with Manchester United. The former Barcelona star scored just five and assisted nine in 45 appearances for the Red Devils. After a particularly disappointing 2018/19 in Manchester, in which Sanchez netted just one goal in 20 Premier League appearances, the forward was loaned to Serie A outfit Inter Milan during the summer transfer window. Sanchez has since featured four times for Inter, scoring once. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – APRIL 09: Alexis Sanchez of Manchester United walks off after the Manchester United training session ahead of the UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg match between Manchester United v FC Barcelona at Aon Training Complex on April 09, 2019 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Nathan Stirk/Getty Images) Sanchez was then called up to Chile’s most recent squad during the international break. However, during Chile’s 0-0 draw with Colombia, Sanchez picked up an injury. Now, on October 16th, Inter Milan have provided an update on Sanchez. The Serie A side confirmed that Sanchez was in Barcelona consulting with Dr Ramon Cugat before undergoing an operation: Alexis Sanchez was in Barcelona this morning for consultation with Dr Ramon Cugat. The visit confirmed the diagnosis of the Inter medical staff and the decision was made to proceed with surgery on the left ankle. The operation was performed in the afternoon on the peroneus longus tendon and it went exactly as planned. | UPDATE@Alexis_Sanchez underwent surgery on his left ankle earlier on today 👉 https://t.co/VVEtva5tzZ #FCIM — Inter (@Inter_en) October 16, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While Inter did not specify how long Sanchez could be out for, Sky in Italy believe it will be three months. This would be a huge blow for Sanchez who looked to be finally finding some form at Inter. See also: Man United’s David de Gea is injured & when Sadio Mane and Liverpool’s Brazilians will return to Anfield Barcelona’s Rakitic moving to Man United ‘unlikely because of family reasons’ – ESPN Source: Great Goals Could Alexis be the next superstar stateside Inter Milan’s Alexis Sanchez has revealed he’s had offers to join an MLS side in the past, but would only consider going stateside later in his career. Alexis has had a pretty up and down few years in the Premier League. The Chilean… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" Serie A giants Inter Milan have this afternoon provided an update on the severity of the injury picked up by Alexis Sanchez over the weekend. Chile stalemate South American heavyweights Chile and Colombia went head-to-head on Saturday, in a friendly clash in Alacant, Spain. Reinaldo Rueda’s Chile headed into proceedings… October 15, 2019 In "Sports" Alexis Sanchez has this afternoon opened up on his dismal Manchester United stint, on the back of joining Inter Milan on loan. United struggles Chilean international Sanchez of course made the move to Old Trafford in January of last year, on the back of a scintillating stint with Premier League… September 3, 2019 In "Sports"