Arsenal played host to Crystal Palace on Sunday afternoon. The two sides headed into the tie in pretty similar form with the Gunners knowing a loss would see them slip below Palace in the table. Unai Emery’s side hit the ground running on Sunday though and would be 2-0 up inside nine minutes thanks to goals from their centre-back pairing, Sokratis and David Luiz. However, Crystal Palace would fight back to earn themselves a 2-2 draw. Arsenal are now four points off 4th place Chelsea as the top four begins to take shape. BAKU, AZERBAIJAN – MAY 29: Unai Emery the head coach / manager of Arsenal during the UEFA Europa League Final between Chelsea and Arsenal at Baku Olimpiya Stadionu on May 29, 2019 in Baku, Azerbaijan. (Photo by James Williamson – AMA/Getty Images) Perhaps the biggest talking point from the clash at the Emirates was not Arsenal blowing a two-goal lead but the reaction of Granit Xhaka when he was subbed off. The Arsenal captain reportedly cupped his ear to the booing Arsenal fans and said ‘f*** off’. Unai Emery has had his say on the incident, you can read what he had to say here. And now, speaking on Match of the Day, former Arsenal forward Ian Wright has spoken about Xhaka and called on him to apologise: “Players getting booed is not the best, but this is the captain. “They are frustrated that he hasn’t run off the pitch. I’ve seen him before bolt off when he’s substituted. He’s walked off and then he goads them. “We’re talking about fans who have watched him play a handful of good games in three years. And he’s treating them like that. “He should apologise. That’s the guy Arsenal have chosen as captain. That’s not captain behaviour. “Arsenal fans have been patient with him. He owes them a lot more than that. He’s got the responsibility. You can’t go on like that. The manager has faith in him and he’s done that.” As quoted by the Mirror. We are all humans, we all have emotions, and sometimes it’s not easy dealing with them. It’s time to lift each other up, not to push each other away. We only win when we are together. #COYG pic.twitter.com/dkDI7M3xew — Héctor Bellerín (@HectorBellerin) October 28, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
See also: Arsenal fans showcase support for Mesut Ozil during Crystal Palace draw Xhaka reportedly told Arsenal fans to ‘f*** off’ after being subbed vs Palace   Source: Great Goals Arsenal blow two-goal lead vs Palace Arsenal went head-to-head with Crystal Palace on Sunday. Both sides were in pretty similar form heading into the weekend’s action with Arsenal just one point above the Eagles. It would be the Gunners who started Sunday’s tie the much brighter of the two teams.… October 27, 2019 In "Sports" Ajax & Frankfurt to have no fans at Chelsea & Arsenal With the international break finally over, European football is set to return next week. Chelsea will face a trip to Ajax on Wednesday the 23rd of October in the Champions League while Arsenal will host Vitoria SC on Thursday… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal manager Unai Emery has this evening reacted to Granit Xhaka’s foul-mouthed outburst, following his substitution during the club’s draw with Crystal Palace. Arsenal pegged back The Gunners welcomed capital rivals Palace to the Emirates a short time ago, for a league clash. Arsenal headed into proceedings sitting 5th in… October 27, 2019 In "Sports"