Former Manchester United defender Phil Neville has this evening revealed his opinion that Red Devils boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tactical setup for his side’s draw with Liverpool was ‘spot on’. Man United welcomed their fierce rivals to Old Trafford yesterday evening, for a high-profile Premier League showdown. The two sides headed into proceedings on markedly-differing recent runs of form, though. Hosts United had notched just 1 win from their last 5 outings across all competitions. This left Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men sitting 14th in the English top-flight ahead of kick-off, hovering precariously above the relegation zone. Liverpool, on the other hand, were flying high atop the Premier League table, having picked up a perfect 8 wins from 8. As such, ahead of things getting underway at Old Trafford, the visitors were understandably viewed as heavy favourites. When all was said and done, however, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s United held their own, to eventually emerge with a point. Marcus Rashford opened the scoring late in the first-half, before Adam Lallana notched a crucial equaliser for Liverpool 5 minutes from time. United, for the most-part, looked much-improved yesterday evening, despite having been up against the firmly in-form champions of Europe. Though Liverpool proved the better side for much of the second-half, the hosts were well on top over the course of the opening 45 minutes. Much of the Red Devils’ improvement, particularly early on, meanwhile, appeared to stem from a change of system. United surprisingly set up with a 5-man backline versus Liverpool, with Ashley Young and Aaron Wan-Bissaka as attack-minded wing-backs, in front of the trio of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Marcos Rojo. This setup saw the Manchester giants deal superbly with Liverpool’s attack (albeit without Mo Salah), to so-nearly hold out for all 3 points. And one individual who feels as though Ole Gunnar Solskjaer deserves praise for adapting his side so effectively is Phil Neville. Speaking in an interview with Optus Sport this evening, former United stopper Neville explained: ‘Tactically, Ole got it really spot on.’ ‘Five at the back, they defended the middle of the pitch really well. The three centre-backs, in particular, defended the goal really well. Every cross that came in from wide areas they were set.’ ‘Just that cross at the end when it gets fired across the box. Rojo just lost a little bit of concentration and it got punished.’ ‘Liverpool did finish really strong and United will feel like that’s two points dropped.’ Quotes via Goal David Ornstein on chances of Man United signing Leicester’s James Maddison Sheffield United vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals