Arsenal defender David Luiz has this evening opened up on swapping Stamford Bridge for the Emirates. On the back of mounting speculation that the Gunners were closing on a deal for the Brazilian veteran during the final days of the summer transfer window, Luiz’s move to Arsenal was made official on deadline day: Welcome to The Arsenal, @DavidLuiz_4 #BemvindoDavid — Arsenal (@Arsenal) August 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The addition came as Arsenal’s 2nd of the day, after Kieran Tierney’s long-touted move from Celtic finally came to fruition. Luiz’s move across London, though, for obvious reasons, came as far more of a surprise. Arsenal were known to have been on the lookout for reinforcements at centre-half throughout the summer, with Laurent Koscielny’s departure for Bordeaux having left a sizable hole at the heart of Unai Emery’s backline. As such, when Luiz’s name was first thrown into the mix, it was viewed as a long-shot by most that Chelsea would consider reinforcing a direct rival. In the end, however, this is precisely what the Blues opted to do. As such, on the back of netting his first goal in Arsenal’s colours versus Bournemouth over the weekend, David Luiz was today questioned on the role that he played in his move across London. And, speaking in an interview with TalkSport, the experienced stopper went on to confirm that he had actually already decided to depart Stamford Bridge, even before Arsenal came calling. Luiz’s exit came on the back of a single conversation with new Chelsea boss Frank Lampard: ‘I always liked Chelsea, no doubt. I saw a possibility of writing a new story in a new place, but I am forever grateful to Chelsea, to all people, to friendships that are for life.’ ‘It was an individual decision made through honest conversation – between me and Frank Lampard, no one else.’ ‘We had a different idea of the future of the game and that’s why I chose to take a new path.’ ‘It’s always very difficult because of the rivalry, but I made the decision to leave Chelsea even before receiving Arsenal’s bid.’ ‘As soon as I decided to leave Chelsea – after a few days – Arsenal’s proposal came, and as it was another great club, I didn’t think twice.’ Arsenal legend Parlour: Mesut Ozil ‘probably at the end’ of Gunners career Wolves defender Willy Boly on Arsenal’s radar – Sun Source: Great Goals Luiz a potential Arsenal captain? David Luiz made the rather surprising move from Chelsea to Arsenal over the summer. The North London outfit are believed to have paid in the region of £7.8m for Luiz’s services. Luiz would be on the bench in Arsenal’s opening league game of the season,… September 24, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal confirmed the signing of David Luiz on Thursday, three hours after the transfer window closed on deadline day. The transfer window closed at 5pm on Thursday. The reason Arsenal were able to sign the player late, was because they filled a deadline day deal sheet, giving them until 7pm… August 8, 2019 In "News" Arsenal managing director Vinai Venkatesham has today provided an insight into the Gunners’ plans for the winter transfer market. Arsenal arrivals A somewhat out-of-the-blue, high-profile transfer window for Arsenal came to a close early last month. The club’s shaky backline was shored up by the additions of Kieran Tierney and… September 24, 2019 In "Sports"