Tottenham defender Serge Aurier has admitted he wanted to leave in the summer transfer window after a lack of time on the pitch. Aurier joined Spurs back in 2017 from Paris Saint-Germain for a fee in the region of £23million. Despite the expectation that he would be Tottenham’s number one right back, Kieran Trippier actually solidified his spot. That has limited Aurier to just 45 appearances during his time at Spurs. However, now that Trippier has joined Atletico Madrid, Aurier has found himself back in the team. While he’s not featured every game, he’s made four appearances so far this season. Now, the defender has opened up on his attempts to leave Tottenham over the summer and made it clear he needs to play regularly. LONDON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 22: Harry Kane of Tottenham Hotspur celebrates scoring his sides first goal with Serge Aurier of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool at Wembley Stadium on October 22, 2017 in London, England. (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images) Speaking to the Mail, Aurier confirmed he didn’t play at times last season because he was looking to leave. Aurier also made it clear that ‘I’m not 20 anymore and I need to play, to be happy’. ‘I was looking for an exit, so I couldn’t play. When you’re trying to move, you can’t play because an injury or whatever else can scupper everything,’ he explained. ‘I wanted to leave so it was normal for me to not be on the pitch. Beyond that, it’s the manager’s decision. He’s the one who decides what’s best for the group. ‘Like I’ve said, the season is long so we’ll try and be better going forward and for what comes next. That desire to leave, I think it’s a bit normal. I’m an important player of the national team. I’m not 20 anymore and I need to play, to be happy. ‘There are situations that mean you need to make a decision. I’m a big boy and a dad, so there are choices that are good for me and my family.’   There are times when nothing smiles on you hiding and crying is not the best solution is like his life! the only thing to do is to work twice as much as you did to get results! So we are going to fight together as one man! we will get back to the top but only with the help of all our real fans who believe in us very soon #Coys A post shared by  Thecrazychild93 (@sergeaurier) on Oct 6, 2019 at 11:35am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Christian Eriksen makes it clear he wants to leave Spurs – Marca Former Spurs star urges club to avoid Jose Mourinho/Stand by Mauricio Pochettino Source: Great Goals Tottenham 4-Crystal Palace 0 Tottenham played host to Crystal Palace on Saturday. Palace had been in decent form heading into the clash with Spurs and had recently picked up a 2-1 win vs Manchester United. However, the Eagle’s display vs Spurs was not exactly impressive. Tottenham ended up coming away… September 15, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham defender Serge Aurier cuts an image of a somewhat difficult person and he reckons this bad boy image was responsible for why he missed the chance to join Barcelona and a couple of other big European teams last summer. Aurier endured a troubled time with Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue… November 6, 2017 In "Sports" Brighton vs Tottenham Tottenham are set to travel to Brighton in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs head into the game on the back of a 7-2 drubbing at the hands of Bayern Munich in the Champions League earlier this week. So, Mauricio Pochettino’s side should be looking to bounce… October 4, 2019 In "Sports"