Both Liverpool and Chelsea are reportedly considering moves to sign Bournemouth midfielder Lewis Cook if he can prove his fitness this season. Cook’s progression since his time at Leeds has been impressive and despite now being 22-years-old, there is still much room for him to grow. Though, his progression has been stunted in recent seasons due to injury. Cook featured in 29 Premier League games in the 2017/18 season but missed the majority of last season. The midfielder only featured in 13 Premier League games, having suffered from knee-ligament damage which he sustained last December. That has lead into this season, meaning Cook has only featured in three Premier League games. However, despite the fact he’s just returning from injury, both Chelsea and Liverpool are keeping tabs on him ahead of a potential move. BOURNEMOUTH, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 03: Fred of Manchester United is challenged by Lewis Cook of AFC Bournemouth during the Premier League match between AFC Bournemouth and Manchester United at Vitality Stadium on November 3, 2018 in Bournemouth, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) According to the Daily Mail, both Liverpool and Chelsea are ‘monitoring the situation’ of Lewis Cook. It’s said that both clubs are looking for the player to ‘prove his form and fitness’ first. They claim: ‘Sportsmail understands that both Liverpool and Chelsea have identified the former Leeds star as a target, should he prove his form and fitness this season.’   Great weeks training! A post shared by  lewiscook_ (@lewiscook_) on Oct 5, 2019 at 10:28am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Interestingly, the Mail also claim that both sides are in the market for ’emerging English talent’. They explain: ‘Both Liverpool and Chelsea are said to be in the market for the best of emerging English talent and Cook’s high energy style in the middle of the park is thought to be the attraction.’ Should Cook prove himself with a string of impressive performances from now until the end of the season, there could be a race for his signature either in January or the summer.  See also: Chelsea vs Newcastle United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Bournemouth vs Everton On Sunday in the Premier League, Bournemouth will be searching for three points against Everton. The Cherries are down in 15th place, with only four points from four games. Everton are in sixth spot with seven points on the board. Lewis Cook injury boost As confirmed by… September 11, 2019 In "Sports" The season so far The 2018/19 season was great for Premier League football both domestically and in Europe. At home, Manchester City and Liverpool pushed each other to their limits in the battle for the Premier League title. Liverpool earned a staggering 97 points. But it still wasn’t enough to… September 7, 2019 In "Sports" Big injury updates for Chelsea Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has given injury updates on both Mason Mount and N’Golo Kante ahead of their clash with Liverpool. The Blues will be looking to get revenge on Liverpool after their Super Cup defeat last month. Jurgen Klopp’s side won the game on… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"