Barcelona’s El Clasico clash with Real Madrid next week is under threat after La Liga asked for the game to be moved to the Bernabeu. The game was set to take place on the 26th October in Barcelona, with a win for either side leaving them top of the La Liga table. Though, the game could now be under threat. Nine Catalan separatist leaders were arrested recently for their part in the independence referendum of 2017. Following those arrests, there have been many protests in Barcelona this week. With the fierce El Clasico clash coming up, La Liga are seemingly not willing to risk any problems and are now looking at alternatives. BARCELONA, SPAIN – FEBRUARY 06: Gerard Pique of FC Barcelona fights for a high ball with Sergio Ramos of Real Madrid CF during the Copa del Semi Final first leg match between Barcelona and Real Madrid at Nou Camp on February 06, 2019 in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by Angel Martinez/Getty Images) La Liga have confirmed, cited by Sky Sports, that they have requested the game to be played at the Bernabeu. The second El Clasico in Madrid was set to be played in March next year, but the fixtures could now be reversed. “We have requested the competitions committee of the RFEF to meet and change the location of El Clasico to Madrid because of exceptional circumstances beyond our control,” the La Liga spokesman explained. Though, according to reports from AS, Real Madrid are not in favour of the switch. It’s claimed that refurbishment work on the Bernabeu could be affected. Instead, Real Madrid have ‘not ruled out agreeing to reschedule the fixture for another date’ There are still big questions over when it could be rescheduled for, with just 10 days to go before the huge clash.   The #GoldenShoe record is His El Hombre Récord. Primer jugador en guanyar 6 Botes d’Or 🐐 @leomessi A post shared by  FC Barcelona (@fcbarcelona) on Oct 16, 2019 at 6:29am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js On the pitch, it looks as though Ivan Rakitic won’t be leaving Barcelona for Manchester United. According to reports, a move is unlikely due to family reasons. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals