PSG superstar Neymar has spoken out over his failure to secure a move back to Barcelona over the summer. Barcelona’s attempts to coax Brazilian attacker Neymar back to the club proved, in terms of longevity and intensity of rumours, the talking point of the summer transfer window. Two years on from his La Liga departure, Neymar was hotly-tipped to make a return to the Camp Nou. Despite having already added Antoine Griezmann to their attacking ranks, the Spanish champions had long been said to be eyeing a further splash before the close of the European transfer market. Antoine Griezmann reacts during a training session at Ciutat Esportiva of Sant Joan Despi in Barcelona, Spain. (Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images) PSG, however, proved an altogether-tough nut to crack for the Blaugrana hierarchy. Though reports had been rampant that Neymar himself had his heart set on linking back up with his former club, and PSG having publicly scolded their star man for his behaviour this summer, the capital outfit’s board stood firm in demanding a premium fee for a player whom they splashed out a world-record 222 million Euro on in 2017. This eventually resulted in widespread confirmation late in August that Barca had come to the decision to call a definitive end to their chase of the Brazilian: Barça sources have confirmed that they have formally rejected PSG’s last proposal, which consisted of 130 million euros, Dembélé on loan and transfers of Rakitić and Todibo. The operation is practically ruled out. [cat radio] — barcacentre (@barcacentre) August 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js ÚLTIMA HORA: El Barça rechaza la oferta del PSG por Neymar, por @ffpolo y @EduPolo https://t.co/pi8rkgzBAm pic.twitter.com/fWearnIjJ4 — Mundo Deportivo (@mundodeportivo) August 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And Neymar himself has now, for the first time, opened up on his disappointment at having failed to secure a Camp Nou return. Speaking in an interview with Otro, the attacker confirmed that it was unhappiness with his situation in Paris which led to him actively pushing for a move back to his former club: ‘I think when you’re not happy, regardless of what your job is, you try to change. You try to find new places, a new profession so that you can find yourself.’ Crucially, though, Neymar added that, having stayed put, he now intends to give his all for PSG moving forward: ‘So, this is what I tried to do. But I ended up staying. And, as I mentioned, I will give my best.’ Barcelona blow: Samuel Umtiti misses trip to Slavia Prague with injury France Football provide explanation for Neymar’s absence from Ballon d’Or list Source: Great Goals