This Saturday in the Premier League, Chelsea host Newcastle United at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are 5th in the league with 14 points from 8 games. Moreover, Frank Lampard’s Blues have won their last four matches in a row. Newcastle are 16th in the division with 8 points. However, just before the international break, Steve Bruce picked up his first home win with the Magpies, beating Man United 1-0. Chelsea fans will have to wait to see if N’Golo Kante is fit for the Newcastle game. Yet, there’s reason to be optimistic after Kante sustained an adductor muscle strain while training with the French national team. Kante sat out France’s 1-1 draw with Turkey on Monday night. However, Kante, who has remained with the French squad, was spotted training away from the main group on Sunday. N’Golo Kanté training away from the main group this evening at the Stade de France – a doubt for tomorrow’s game vs Turkey. — Get French Football News (@GFFN) October 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Meanwhile, Chelsea fans are sharing this Kante video from Tik Tok. This video🤣🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/gqCDp0GA81 — RJ 🦖 (@ReeceJamesSZN) October 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Ross Barkley scored twice for England in the 6-0 away win over Bulgaria on Monday. The Chelsea midfielder was subbed out the game in the 73rd minute. In a worrying sign for Blues fans, Barkley had an ice-pack strapped around his left calf after he exited the Bulgaria game. Chelsea fans will hope the strapping was simply a precautionary measure. Fears Ross Barkley suffered a calf injury playing for England Mateo Kovacic is now an injury concern after he suffered a knock playing for Croatia vs Wales. Kovacic limped out the Wales game following a challenge from Ben Davies. Andreas Christensen also picked up an injury on international duty. The Danish defender sustained a groin injury against Switzerland. Completing Chelsea’s injury concerns, both Reece James and Trevor Chalobah pulled out of England U21 duty with knocks last week. Also see: Unai Emery’s contract length clarified & Freddie Ljungberg’s long-term Arsenal ambition revealed by David Ornstein. Daniel James accused of faking a concussion & Liverpool’s Mo Salah injury update before Man United. Source: Great Goals Potentially big blow for Chelsea Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante was forced to withdraw from the France team against Iceland after picking up an injury during the warm-up. Since joining from Leicester back in 2016, Kante has grown into one of the best midfielders in world football. The Frenchman is incredibly important… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Good and bad news for Chelsea Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has confirmed that N’Golo Kante will miss the clash with Wolves, but Antonio Rüdiger is fit to play. The Blues have had a mixed start to the season. Frank Lampard made his Premier League debut as Chelsea boss against Manchester… September 13, 2019 In "Sports" France see off Iceland France faced off against Iceland on Friday evening as they looked to cement a place atop of Group H. France started the day level on points with Turkey who went head-to-head with Albania. However, neither side did themselves any real favours on Friday with both outfits… October 12, 2019 In "Sports"