 By Gabriel Ewepu – Abuja Ahead of the Bayelsa and Kogi governorship elections on November 16, 2019, Civil Society Organisations, CSOs, Thursday, urged the National Human Rights Commission, NHRC, to actively participate in order to stop human rights violation. This was contained in a letter signed by the Convener, Concerned Nigerians, Deji Adeyanju and Convener, Coalition in Defence of Nigerian Democracy and Constitution, DNDC, Ariyo-Dare Atoye, and addressed to the Chairman, NHRC, with subject ‘Preventing Human Rights Violations during the forthcoming governorship elections and the implications of using military personnel in Bayelsa and Kogi’ by drawings attention of the Commission to alleged human right abuses of Nigerians by the Nigerian Army during elections and also said it has become imperative for the Commission to step into the nation’s democratic process to protect voters from being harassed, intimidated, and vitimised. Continue reading Bayelsa/Kogi Polls: CSOs urge NHRC to participate, stop human rights violation at Vanguard Nigeria. Source: Vanguard Tribune Online Bayelsa, Kogi guber polls: INEC commences training of ad-hoc staff The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has commenced the recruitment, training and deployment of ad-hoc staff ahead of the November 16, 2019 governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi states. INEC chairman, its chairman, Prof. Mahmoud Yakubu, Mahmoud gave… June 29, 2019 In "News" ABUJA – The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has reminded political parties fielding candidates for the November 16 governorship elections in Bayelsa and Kogi States that no adjustment will be made to the September 5 deadline for conclusion of party primaries and resolution of disputes arising therefrom, as it urges voters… August 21, 2019 In "News" The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has announced plans for the upcoming Bayelsa and Kogi governorship elections. The elections will hold simultaneously in the two States on November 16. Speaking on Monday in Abuja during a meeting with political parties to review the 2019 general elections, INEC chairman Mahmood Yakubu,… July 1, 2019 Similar post