A referee booked Brazil footballing legend Kaka during a charity game on Tuesday night just so that she could take a selfie with him. Kaka was a brilliant player during the prime stage of his footballing career. The playmaker played for many several clubs, most notably at AC Milan and Real Madrid, where he reached the peak of his powers. Over two spells at the San Siro, Kaka scored 104 goals and assisted 68. In that time, he was also famously the last player other than Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo to win the Ballon d’Or before Luka Modric won the award last year. Though, Kaka announced his retirement at the end of 2017 after three years in the MLS with Orlando City. Now, after returning to the pitch for a charity match, Kaka found himself in a unique position. MADRID, SPAIN – MARCH 11: Kaka of AC Milan celebrates with after scoring his team’s first goal during the UEFA Champions League Round of 16, second leg match between Club Atletico de Madrid and AC Milan at Vicente Calderon Stadium on March 11, 2014 in Madrid, Spain. (Photo by Denis Doyle/Getty Images) A Brazil line-up consisting of players from both their 1994 and 2002 World Cup-winning teams took on an Israeli XI on Tuesday evening. The clash featured household Brazilian names such as Ronaldinho, Roberto Carlos, Cafu and of course, Kaka. Despite the plethora of stars on show, it was Kaka who made headlines. As Kaka ran through midfield, he was pulled up by the referee and bizarrely given a yellow card for what looked like nothing. Une arbitre met un jaune à Kaka… avant de faire un selfie avec lui. Joli ! pic.twitter.com/3ds4cH1TYM — After Foot RMC (@AfterRMC) October 30, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While several Brazilian players including Kaka were bemused, the referee brandished her smartphone and proceeded to get a selfie with the legendary playmaker. Both Kaka and his teammates clearly saw the funny side, with several players shaking her hand for the classic moment. Safe to say, she took the phrase ‘do it for the ‘gram’ to new heights! See picture below:   See also: Liverpool vs Arsenal betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth-round match preview & predictions Chelsea vs Manchester United betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth-round match preview and predictions Aston Villa vs Wolverhampton Wanderers live streaming: Watch Carabao Cup online, preview, prediction & odds Source: Great Goals The 35-year-old former Real Madrid and AC Milan attacking midfielder is a free agent after leaving Orlando City in Major League Soccer (MLS) in the United States last month. The World Cup winner was linked with a move to the boardroom of AC Milan, where he is a popular figure… November 26, 2017 In "News" Former FIFA World Player of the Year Kaka claims he has set his sights on emulating Zinedine Zidane when he brings his playing career to an end. The Madrid head coach has enjoyed huge success in a relatively short spell in the dugout, winning back-to-back Champions Leagues and last season’s… October 10, 2017 In "Sports" AC Milan's Argentine forward Gonzalo Higuain leaves the pitch after receiving a red card during the Italian Serie A football match AC Milan vs Juventus on November 11, 2018 at the San Siro stadium in Milan. (Photo by Miguel MEDINA / AFP)On-loan AC Milan striker Gonzalo Higuain apologised for his… November 12, 2018 In "News"