Former Arsenal star Ray Parlour has this evening revealed his opinion that the emergence of a number of impressive youngsters in Unai Emery’s squad is likely to see Mesut Ozil’s stint at the club come to an end imminently. Ozil, who splits opinion among fans and pundits alike due to his languid style on the pitch, has been plying his trade at the Emirates stadium since 2013, when he made the move from Real Madrid for 50 million Euro. After playing a key role over his early seasons in north London, though, the last couple of years have seen the German struggle. A combination of poor form, fitness struggles and what all has all too frequently appeared to be a basic lack of effort, have seen Ozil slip down the pecking order, particularly since the arrival of Unai Emery last summer. Last season saw the 30-year-old manage starts in just 20 of Arsenal’s Premier League outings. Unai Emery speaks with Mesut Ozil during the Premier League match between Arsenal FC and Manchester City at Emirates Stadium. (Photo by Shaun Botterill/Getty Images) The early months of the new campaign, meanwhile, have proven even more of a struggle for Ozil. To this point, across the Gunners’ 8 league fixtures, the gifted midfield creator has notched just a solitary start. Ozil’s difficulties in carving out any form of consistent game-time this season have come amid the respective emergences of a number of talented starlets at the Emirates. The likes of Joe Willock, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli have all impressed over the course of the campaign to this point. And it is the positive impression being made by youngsters such as these which has since led one Gunners legend to reveal his opinion that Ozil’s time in north London is likely to come to an end in the near future. Speaking on talkSPORT earlier today, Ray Parlour explained: ‘I have been really impressed by the youngsters coming through, from Arsenal’s point of view.’ ‘Ozil’s not even in the squad now. I think that’s probably the end of his career at Arsenal.’ ‘You have got youngsters that deserve an opportunity probably more than him at the moment.’ ‘[Bukayo] Saka has come in on the left-hand side. You have got [Gabriel] Martinelli. From Arsenal’s point of view going forward he’s been excellent. [Dani] Ceballos played at the weekend. ‘They have got lots of options now.’ Wolves defender Willy Boly on Arsenal’s radar – Sun Arsenal boss Emery set Joe Willock challenge of replacing Ramsey & Wilshere Source: Great Goals