Liverpool played host to Leicester City on Saturday afternoon. Brendan Rodgers would return to Anfield with his Leicester side up to 3rd place in the league and in fine form. And the Foxes could have moved above Manchester City, should they have beaten Liverpool. However, Liverpool began the day top of the table with 21 points after winning their opening seven PL games this campaign. Also, prior to facing Leicester, Liverpool were unbeaten in their previous 43 PL outings at home. 43 – Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 43 Premier League home games. Their only longer unbeaten home run in the top-flight (63 between 1978-1980) was eventually ended by Leicester City. Premonition. #LIVLEI — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 17: Jurgen Klopp, Manager of Liverpool acknowledges the fans following his teams victory in the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Liverpool FC at St Mary’s Stadium on August 17, 2019 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Ahead of Saturday’s game with Leicester, Liverpool released their teamsheet an hour before kick-off. And it revealed that Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was not in the starting line-up or on the bench. Chamberlain is not a nailed-on starter for Liverpool but he has still been a regular in their squad this season, making five Premier League appearances before Saturday. So, his complete omission was a bit strange. However, the reason for the midfielder’s absence has since been explained. Both James Pearce of The Athletic and David Lynch of the Evening Standard reported that Chamberlain was left out of the Liverpool squad as a precautionary measure after being hit in the head by a ball in training on Friday. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain left out of the #LFC squad as a precautionary measure after being hit in the head by a ball in training yesterday. — David Lynch (@LynchStandard) October 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Oxlade-Chamberlain got hit in the head by a ball in training at Melwood yesterday – left out today as a precaution as he’s feeling the effects. #LFC — James Pearce (@JamesPearceLFC) October 5, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: West Ham United vs Crystal Palace live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds West Ham vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals