As per a report from the Evening Standard, Arsenal starlet Reiss Nelson could be out of action until next month, after picking up a knee injury. 19-year-old wide-man Nelson made a return to the Emirates this summer, on the back of an impressive loan stint in the Bundesliga with Hoffenheim. The English youth international has since gone on to play a bit-part role in Arsenal’s campaign to this point, notching 6 appearances across all competitions. The latest of these came last Thursday, when the Gunners put Standard Liege to the sword by 4 goals to nil in the Europa League. Nelson impressed, notching an assist amid a lively and intent-filled display. However, the gifted teen was subsequently omitted from Unai Emery’s squad that welcomed Bournemouth to north London on Sunday, a decision which initially raised a few eyebrows. As per the aforementioned report from Simon Collings of the Evening Standard, though, Nelson was not left out versus Bournemouth for tactical reasons. The attacker has in fact picked up a knee injury. Nelson has therefore been forced to pull out of England’s U21 squad, set to take on Slovenia and Austria over the coming week. Though his problem is not thought to be a serious one, Arsenal are likely to be without their teenage talent for at least the remainder of October: ‘Standard Sport understands he is expected to be sidelined for a few weeks.’ ‘The issue, however, is not thought to be too serious and it is hoped the forward will be back in action next month.’ https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Dani Ceballos offers hope of potential Arsenal stay: ‘I am where I want to be’ Arsene Wenger confirms he turned down Premier League job offers: ‘I’m an Arsenal man’ Source: Great Goals Arsenal have been boosted by the return to training of Laurent Koscielny, Aaron Ramsey and Alexis Sanchez ahead of the Gunners’ Premier League tie against Everton at the weekend. Ramsey and Sanchez missed Arsenal’s 2-1 Premier League away defeat to Watford last Saturday due to injury while Koscielny was taken… October 18, 2017 In "Sports" Arsenal’s record signing Alexandre Lacazette scored on debut in the Gunners’ 2-0 win over Australian champions Sydney FC on Thursday. Lacazette, signed last week in a £52.5 million ($68 million) deal from Lyon, came off the bench in the second half to score Arsenal’s second goal before more than 80,000… July 13, 2017 In "News" By Izuchukwu Okosi: Super Eagles star Alex Iwobi scored a superb goal and played for 73 minutes on Saturday in Arsenal's 5-2 routing of Benfica in the Gunners' first game of the 2017 pre-season Emirates Cup, Completesportsnigeria.com reports. Franco Cervi and Eduardo Salvio were Benfica's goal scorers while Theo Walcott… July 29, 2017 In "Sports"