Match week nine of the 2019/20 Premier League season kicked off on Saturday the 19th of October with Marco Silva’s Everton picking up a much-needed victory over West Ham. Elsewhere on Saturday, Tottenham’s poor form continued with the North London outfit being held to a 1-1 draw by a still winless Watford side. Manchester City took part in the late PL kick-off on Saturday with Pep Guardiola’s men managing to earn a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace. That win reduced the gap between City and league leaders Liverpool to five points. Jurgen Klopp’s men had the chance to regain their eight-point lead on Sunday when they traveled to Old Trafford. However, Liverpool would only manage a 1-1 draw thanks to a late equaliser from Adam Lallana. MW9 ended on Monday with Sheffield United earning a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Arsenal. SHEFFIELD, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 21: Alexandre Lacazette of Arsenal reacts at the full time whistle during the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Arsenal FC at Bramall Lane on October 21, 2019 in Sheffield, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Now, on Tuesday, Alan Shearer has named his Team of the Week for match week 9 of the Premier League campaign. After Sheff United’s impressive victory over Arsenal, Shearer would name two of their players in his TOTW. That duo would be defenders John Egan and George Baldock. To complete his defence, Shearer picked Chelsea’s Marcos Alonso, who scored the winner vs Newcastle this past weekend, Everton’s Yerry Mina and Manchester City’s Ederson. Everton had another player in the TOTW with Andre Gomes a part of Shearer’s midfield. The midfield was also made up of Abdoulaye Doucoure, who scored vs Tottenham, David Silva, Jack Grealish and Youri Tielemans. Marcus Rashford would lead the line in the Team of the Week after the United man opened the scoring vs Liverpool. Introducing @alanshearer‘s Team of the Week! Agree with his XI? pic.twitter.com/2TA90IJhLI — Premier League (@premierleague) October 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Tottenham vs Crvena Zvezda betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Atalanta betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Genk vs Liverpool betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions Ajax vs Chelsea betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals McBurnie charged with drink-driving Oli McBurnie would join newly-promoted Sheffield United over the summer from Swansea City. The Blades are believed to have signed McBurnie for a club-record fee worth up to £20m. McBurnie has since gone on to feature 10 times across all competitions for Sheff United. However, the… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Man City dominate Crystal Palace Manchester City took on Crystal Palace in Saturday’s late Premier League kick-off. City had the chance to reduce the gap between themselves and Liverpool in the league with a win over the Eagles. Liverpool began the weekend eight points clear at the top of the… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United and Liverpool went head-to-head on Sunday. Liverpool began the day knowing Manchester City had reduced their lead at the top of the table to five points after Pep Guardiola’s men beat Crystal Palace on Saturday. But Liverpool should still have been full of confidence… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"