Wolves will play their Europa League clash with Slovan Bratislava behind closed doors after the Slovakian club were punished for racist chants from their fans. Wolves’ campaign has got off to an interesting start. Domestically, Nuno Espírito Santo’s side started the Premier League season poorly. Wolves found themselves in the relegation zone after a run of disappointing results, which could have been due to their Europa League qualifying campaign. While they’ve somewhat recovered from that with back to back wins, there’s still a lot to do this season. On the European stage, Nuno Espírito Santo’s side has been pretty solid but find themselves third in Group K. Wolves lost their first game of the Group stage against Braga, before beating Besiktas last week. Next up Wolves will face Slovan Bratislava, but they will be without their fans in Slovakia. BRIGHTON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Nuno Espirito Santo, Manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers looks looks on prior to the Premier League match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers at American Express Community Stadium on October 27, 2018 in Brighton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Mike Hewitt/Getty Images) As confirmed by UEFA, cited by the Mail, Slovan Bratislava’s appeal against racist chanting from their fans towards PAOK players back in August has been dismissed. Their report explains: ‘UEFA have dismissed an appeal from the Slovakian club against their original punishment – a €50,000 (£45,000) and a one-match stadium closure.’ The big effect for Wolves is that their fans will be unable to travel for the game. According to the Mail’s report, Wolves had been warning their fans not to make any plans for the game until the final verdict from UEFA was announced. With Wolves just one point behind Slovan in the Europa League, Nuno Espírito Santo’s side will be hoping to bring back all three points for their fans.   @easportsfifa #TOTW for @adamatrd37! @wolvesesports A post shared by  Wolves (@wolves) on Oct 9, 2019 at 7:05am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Wolves’ most impressive result of the season was no doubt against Manchester City. Two goals from Adama Traore sealed the points which threw the title race wide open. Now, Pep Guardiola has given his opinion on the title race after their defeat. Click here to see what he had to say. Source: Great Goals