 Blaqbonez, asides from being the “Greatest rapper in Africa”  is known for his bold controversial statements online. He recently weighed in on the ongoing beef between his boss, MI Abaga and Vector stating that the real genesis of the beef was from Vector’s side and this caused a huge stir on the internet . Blaqbonez however, has made another statement that is likely to put him in a bad position with fans. In a recent interview, the “Mr Boombastic” rapper explained that he intended on putting Wizkid, Burna Boy and Davido on a song just for them to showcase their talents and give them an opportunity to show their real talent to the world. He spoke with an air of authority while making the statement which means he places himself higher than the mentioned artistes. Watch the video below:   Rapper #Blaqbonez talks about his plan to take #Wizkid, #Davido and #Burnaboy to the next level A post shared by  Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Oct 29, 2019 at 5:43am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post “I Want To Help Their Careers”- Blaqbonez Brags About Collaboration With Wizkid, Burna Boy & Davido appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Nigerian singer, Harrysong has slammed the US music analyst for his derogatory remarks about Wizkid and Afrobeat. The trending video making rounds on the internet today is that of the music analyst that revealed that Wizkid is not a well-known figure in the United States. According to the analyst, Wizkid… June 24, 2019 In "Music/Video" Vader The Wildcard – Improper Fracture (Blaqbonez Diss Reply) Overview of Vader The Wildcard – Improper Fracture (Blaqbonez Diss Reply) Budding rapper and HenessyVsClass 2017 winner, Vader the Wildcard submits his entry “Improper Fracture“, a response to Blaqbonez’s Best Rapper In Africa track. The Intro to this is straight up… August 1, 2019 In "Music/Video" Vvice – That Person ft. Selebobo Overview of Vvice – That Person ft. Selebobo Afrobeat simplicity is what Vvice is all about, his real name is Randy Allotey. He is an Afrobeat freshman and he teams up with superb Nigerian artiste and record producer, Selebobo. The song serves as his first… July 30, 2019 In "Music/Video"