Stonebwoy We’ve finally landed in the last quarter of the year. With less than 3 months to the end of the year, the afrobeats scene is heating up. Any song that becomes a hit right now is a surefire December anthem, so around this time every artist is giving their best, with the hope of landing that holiday season banger. Ghana is no exception to this, as things have started heating up in their afrobeats scene as well. The month of September saw lots of releases from their A-list acts and emerging acts alike, including solo hits and several solid Ghana-Naija collaborations like this one by Stonebwoy and Teni and this one by Becca and Tiwa Savage. Here, we detail the 20 best music releases from Ghana during the month of September 2019. Check them out below. In September, Lynx Entertainment star singer KiDi hooked us up with this very vibely Ghana-Naija collaboration featuring our very own DMW stars Mayorkun and Peruzzi and produced by Fresh VDM. “Have you seen my Cinderella?” Rapper and BBnZ Live act Shaker and rapper Joey B join hands to deliver a very strong petition to be her man on the side (more popularly known as “side n*gga”) in this afrobeats anthem. Where’s the faithfulness? Last month rapper and BBnz Live act Ko-Jo Cue gave us the first single from his upcoming debut album, where he urges you to focus on your journey, celebrate your wins, and forget the approval of others. The dreadlocked singer, one half of superstar duo R2Bees delivered this solo joint, a smooth dancehall cut tailored just right for the Friday night groove. Ghanaian songstress Becca presented us with an impressive afrobeats joint featuring Tiwa Savage. Another solid Ghana-Naija collaboration, complete with a lavish video. Side note: Becca recently got married to a Nigerian man. Could the new sound she displays in this song be the result? The post Top 20 Ghana Songs of September 2019 appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Top 20 Ghanaian Songs of 2019 (So Far)   The West African nation of Ghana has slowly but surely been making a statement in the African music scene. A talented nation in its own right, every year Nigeria’s not-so-distant relative produces new stars, and their existing stars step up to… September 17, 2019 In "Music/Video" Naira Marley Which are the top Naija songs in September 2019? It’s barely three months left to the end of 2019. And this year has been undeniably interesting as regards Naija music. Afrobeats is making great strides across the globe and a lot of attention is on many Nigerian artists.… September 30, 2019 In "Music/Video" What a year of monumental growth it has been for African music? African music stars from all corners of the continent gave us amazing music and continued to push the culture. Without a doubt, the African music movement has gathered a massive momentum in the past year culminating in the… August 6, 2019 In "Music/Video"