Manchester United are reportedly considering a move for former Liverpool midfielder Emre Can after he fell out of favour at Juventus. Can left Liverpool for Juventus on a free transfer back in 2018, the summer before the Reds’ Champions League-winning season. Though, the grass hasn’t exactly been greener on the other side. Despite featuring 37 times for Juventus last season, Can has only made three appearances this season, without starting a game. Not only that, he was omitted from the Italian sides Champions League group stage squad. That’s lead to rumours over his future, particularly in Italy this week. Now, Sky Sports are backing up reports that Manchester United are considering a bid.   Axel #Tuanzebe on #MUNLIV: “It’s always been a big rivalry. We’re confident in our preparation and confident in the players we have to win the game.” #MUFC A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Oct 18, 2019 at 5:10am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js According to Sky’s report, Man United are considering moving for Can in January. Their report explains it could cost the Red Devils in the region of £35million to sign the former Bayern Munich man. They also explain: ‘Can is not one of United’s top targets but they are monitoring his situation as they look to strengthen their squad in January.’ A January move for former Liverpool midfielder Emre Can is being considered by Manchester United, Sky Sports News understands. — Sky Sports News (@SkySportsNews) October 18, 2019 It remains to be seen whether Can would be willing to join United, but it’s unlikely he will oppose a Juventus exit. The German made his disappointment clear when he was omitted from the Champions League squad. “The fact that I am not in the Champions League squad is extremely shocking for me, mainly because I was promised something different last week,” the player explained, as quoted by the Liverpool Echo back in September. “On Tuesday they phoned me and told me, in a conversation that didn’t even last a minute, that I was not on the list and they didn’t give an explanation.” See also: Solskjaer provides update on David de Gea ahead of Liverpool Liverpool’s Matip on his availability vs Man United: ‘Of course, if I’m needed, I will be there’ Source: Great Goals