Son Heung-min’s agent has suggested that the Tottenham player would be attracted to a Serie A move if he ever left Spurs but it would be complicated. Son has been one of Tottenham’s most important players in recent seasons. Despite a difficult start to his time in north London, the South Korean is now considered to be a top tier forward. Last season emphasised that, when he scored 20 goals and assisted 10 in all competitions, including four goals in the Champions League. Now though, he and many of his Spurs teammates are struggling. Their performances have been sub-par so far this campaign, and their 7-2 loss to Bayern Munich on Tuesday has alarm bells ringing. It also won’t help that Son’s agent is talking up a move to Napoli or Serie A in the future. Beating Brighton in the cup! #COYS #THFC A post shared by  Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Oct 4, 2019 at 6:38am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js In an interview on Radio Marte, as cited by Football Italia, Son’s agent Thies Bliemeister has suggested the player would be open to a move to Italy in the future and wouldn’t rule out Napoli. Though, it will not be easy ‘because he costs a lot’. “I’ve never brought a player to Napoli, but I’d like too because Maradona, my favourite player, played for them,” Bliemeister explained. “I’ve talked to Napoli in the past, with executives who are no longer at the club. I’ll take advantage of this double-header with Salzburg to talk to them. “As for Son at Napoli, why not? You can never say never in football. Son likes Italy, the food and Italian people. “It’s not easy to take him from Tottenham because he costs a lot but, one day, who knows?” 항상 응원해 주시는 모든 팬 여러분즐겁고 행복한 추석 보내세요! 여러분들의 변함없는 사랑과 응원에 힘입어 더 좋은 모습으로 보답하겠습니다. 감사합니다 / Hope you have a heart warming Korean Thanksgiving , wishing you and your family all the happiness.#COYS A post shared by  Son HeungMin(손흥민) (@hm_son7) on Sep 13, 2019 at 12:15am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Burnley vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Liverpool vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Brighton vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Norwich City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals