As confirmed by the Telegraph’s John Percy, Bournemouth made money on Monday night. Aston Villa centre-half Tyrone Mings made his debut for England in a 6-0 win away in Bulgaria. As a result, Aston Villa now owe Bournemouth a quarter of a million pounds: Aston Villa will pay an extra £250,000 to Bournemouth after Tyrone Mings made his England debut. Villa agreed a £21 million deal to sign Mings in July and inserted a clause which triggers further instalments if the defender was to ever play at international level. The Telegraph add that Aston Villa agreed to pay Bournemouth up to a million pounds should Mings make four appearances for England. Overall, Mings could end up costing Villa 26 million pounds. Sadly, the big story from the Bulgaria game was racism. Bulgaria fans racially abused England’s players throughout the match. The deplorable scenes included images of fans making Nazi salutes. Tyrone Mings gestured to the linesman about the abuse during the game. Truly disgusting scenes in Sofia. ITV shows footage of Tyrone Mings asking the linesman “have you heard that?” as he is clearly racially abused. Footage then shows Bulgaria fans making monkey chants, giving the Nazi salute and holding up shirts saying “UEFA No Respect” on them. — Joe Prince-Wright (@JPW_NBCSports) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After the match, the Villa defender also discussed the racism to the BBC. “If it happened again, we would have then perhaps moved on to the next step and come off the pitch.” Tyrone Mings says he heard racist abuse coming from the crowd during the warm-up ahead of England’s game against Bulgaria: https://t.co/140y8iPC7A pic.twitter.com/977ZCblbj6 — BBC Sport (@BBCSport) October 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: 20 finalists for 2019 Golden Boy award revealed: Phil Foden, Mason Mount plus Arsenal & Everton stars picked. Unai Emery’s contract length clarified & Freddie Ljungberg’s long-term Arsenal ambition revealed by David Ornstein. Source: Great Goals