In-form London sides West Ham and Crystal Palace face off on Saturday night at the London Stadium. West Ham are 5th in the Premier League with 12 points from 7 matches. The Eagles are 9th, however, they are just a point behind the Hammers with 11 points from 7 matches. Could Crystal Palace end the weekend above the Irons, pushing for a top-four spot? West Ham will be without Polish international goalie Lukasz Fabianski for the Palace game. Unfortunately for Fabianski, he’s now facing an extended periondon the sidelines. Fabianski sustained a torn thigh muscle against Bournemouth last weekend. However, as confirmed by Manuel Pellegrini on Thursday, West Ham still don’t know if their goalie requires surgery. Pellegrini also outlined Fabianski’s injury timetable, suggesting he could be back in under three months. In Fabianski’s absence, Roberto will now be West Ham’s number one. Pellegrini said: About Lukasz, the medical staff will decide today or tomorrow if he will have surgery or if he will recover without surgery. Either way, it will be less than three months he is out. For the moment, we have Roberto as goalkeeper and I trust a lot in him. I am confident he will have good performance. We also have David Martin, who has good experience. The Boss has been speaking to the media…https://t.co/vrvtBlFJNo — West Ham United (@WestHam) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Argentine Manuel Lanzini is fit to play against Crystal Palace. Alongside Lanzini, Pellegrini also confirmed that Jack Wilshere is available for selection. Winston Reid continues to be a long-term absentee. Pellegrini confirmed: For the squad, we have Winston Reid out. Manuel Lanzini recovered from his problem, so he hasn’t any problem. Jack Wilshere is okay. He stopped for one day but he’s worked a complete week with us. Also see: Celtic vs Cluj betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions. AZ Alkmaar vs Manchester United betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals