Brighton’s first game back after the international break sees them travel to Aston Villa on Saturday. The Seagulls have been experiencing a bit of a slump in form recently but their last outing saw them smash Tottenham 3-0. After an emphatic victory against the North London powerhouse, Brighton should be full of confidence as they prepare to take on Villa. Like Brighton, Aston Villa have not had a great start to the new season but their last clash saw them beat a struggling Norwich side 5-1. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 22: Graham Potter, head coach of Ostersunds FK claps the fans after UEFA Europa League Round of 32 match between Arsenal and Ostersunds FK at the Emirates Stadium on February 22, 2018 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Prior to facing off with Villa, Graham Potter held his pre-match press conference on October 17th. During the press conference, Potter gave a positive update on Brighton new boy, Leandro Trossard. Trossard has missed Brighton’s last four PL outings after picking up a groin problem with Belgium in September. However, Potter would confirm that the winger is available for selection vs Villa, as is Shane Duffy: “Trossard has been training this week. We’re delighted Duffy came through the games with Ireland too – both are back for selection. “It’s just Jose Izquierdo and Bernardo who’ll be missing – everyone else is back and fit.” “Trossard has been training this week. We’re delighted Duffy came through the games with Ireland too – both are back for selection. “It’s just Jose Izquierdo and Bernardo who’ll be missing – everyone else is back and fit.”#BHAFC pic.twitter.com/sXJ3VHbY9B — Brighton & Hove Albion (@OfficialBHAFC) October 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Tottenham’s Heung-min Son & Christian Eriksen may miss Watford Alexandre Lacazette & Reiss Nelson: Arsenal injury news before Sheffield United Source: Great Goals Trossard’s time at Brighton Leandro Trossard joined Brighton over the summer from Belgian outfit, Genk. Brighton are believed to have paid around £18m for Trossard’s services. Trossard was an unused sub in the Seagull’s first Premier League game of the season vs Watford. However, the 24-year-old has since started Brighton’s… September 6, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Aston Villa Brighton’s 2019/20 League Cup campaign got underway las month as they beat Bristol Rovers 2-1 in the 2nd round. The Seagulls are now set to face Aston Villa at home in the 3rd round on Wednesday the 25th of September. Brighton have not been in the… September 23, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Burnley Brighton’s first game back after the international break sees them take on Burnley on Saturday the 14th of September. The Seagulls had a solid start to the new season, picking up a 3-0 win over Watford. Since then though, they have failed to win their next three… September 12, 2019 In "Sports"