Chelsea scout Piet de Visser has suggested that his club should sign ex-defender Nathan Ake, who the Blues sold to Bournemouth in 2017. Ake was always seen as a promising talent at Chelsea but was never really given his chance to shine at the Blues. Despite spending five years at Chelsea, Ake only made 17 first-team appearances for the club. That lead to a loan move to Bournemouth in 2016, where he impressed with the Cherries. As a result of his performances, Bournemouth shelled out a reported club-record fee of £20million to sign him permanently. Now, one Chelsea scout has suggested his club should re-sign the central defender. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 09: Sadio Mane of Liverpool holds off Nathan Ake of AFC Bournemouth during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and AFC Bournemouth at Anfield on February 9, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) Speaking to Dutch newspaper De Volksrant, Chelsea scout Piet de Visser has revealed he hopes the club re-sign Ake. He also claims that Ake is ‘perfect’ for Chelsea and already has a relationship with Lampard having played with him. “Ake should have played for Chelsea by now. He’s so good,” de Visser explained. “How often does he not score with his head? He has timing and insight. I hope they buy him back. “That boy is perfect for them and he has played with Lampard.” Chelsea are currently under a transfer ban and will not be able to buy any players until next summer. Though, with Chelsea somewhat lacking in the centre-back position, they could do a lot worse than Nathan Ake.   Take the Clean sheet, have to work hard for the 3 points next week! A post shared by  Nathan Aké (@nathanake) on Oct 19, 2019 at 10:48am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who could soon leave Chelsea despite their transfer ban is Olivier Giroud. The French striker has struggled to get on the pitch this season, with both Tammy Abraham and Michy Batshuayi preferred. Now, he could have an escape route lined up. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals