Chelsea played host to Newcastle on October 19th as they looked to extend their winning run. Frank Lampard’s side had emerged victorious in their previous four outings across all competitions prior to taking on Newcastle. But the Magpies should also have had some confidence heading into this tie. Steve Bruce’s side had picked up just two wins in the league before Saturday. But both of those victories came against ‘top six’ sides, Tottenham and Manchester United. LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 12: Steve Bruce, Manager of Sheffield Wednesday looks on prior to the Sky Bet Championship match between Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday at The Den on February 12, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by James Chance/Getty Images) However, Bruce’s decent form against the bigger clubs came to an end at Stamford Bridge. After a slow first 45, Chelsea’s second-half display was much better with Christian Pulisic making a solid impact from the bench. Marcos Alonso would eventually open the scoring for Chelsea in the 73rd minute and the game would finish 1-0. Despite picking up another win and a second clean sheet, Lampard’s Chelsea did suffer one blow vs the North-East outfit. With N’Golo Kante out injured, Chelsea started with a midfield trio of Jorginho, Mason Mount and Ross Barkley vs Newcastle. However, Lampard’s side would lose another midfielder on Saturday with Ross Barkley being replaced by Mateo Kovacic in the 43rd minute of the tie. Barkley looks to have picked up a knock, and is replaced by Kovacic. 0-0 [43′] #CHENEW pic.twitter.com/GDfFI0Sla4 — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) October 19, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js After the game in his post-match press conference, Frank Lampard provided this update on Ross Barkley: “Ross turned his ankle. The doctor wants to have a look at that.” As quoted by football.london. See also: Man City start without a recognised centre-back vs Crystal Palace/ why Walker missed out Watford dealt Danny Welbeck injury blow vs Tottenham Source: Great Goals Chelsea vs Newcastle Chelsea will play host to Newcastle United this weekend. Frank Lampard looks to be finding his feet as Chelsea boss with his side picking up wins in their last four games across all competitions. Two of those victories came in the Premier League vs Brighton and most… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Leicester 5-Newcastle 0 Newcastle United traveled to Leicester in the only Premier League game of the day on Sunday. The Magpies headed into the tie with just one win from six PL outings this campaign. Steve Bruce’s poor form as Newcastle boss would once again continue vs Leicester as well.… October 1, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea 7 – Grimsby 1 Chelsea have finally won their first home match of the season. However, the Blues failed to keep their first clean sheet of the season in a 7-1 win over Grimsby in the Carabao Cup. The Blues cruised to victory thanks to goal from Ross Barkley,… September 26, 2019 In "Sports"