Spurs talisman Harry Kane has today provided his take on the club’s widely-publicised recent struggles on the pitch. Mauricio Pochettino’s men welcomed bottom-of-the-table Watford to north London this past Saturday, for their latest Premier League outing. Spurs no doubt headed into proceedings with the aim of putting their dismal pre-international break run of form firmly behind them. The capital outfit had fallen to 4 defeats in their last 5 over the course of the last month, including an embarrassing League Cup exit at the hands of Colchester, and a harrowing 7-2 drubbing at home to Bayern Munich. When all was said and done on Saturday afternoon, however, Tottenham’s shocking recent streak stretched to just 1 win in 7 across all competitions. Watford actually opened the scoring in London, when Abdoulaye Doucoure found the net with just 6 minutes on the clock. Dele Alli eventually levelled things up 5 minutes from time, but, in the end, Spurs failed to find an all-important winner. As such, speaking in an interview earlier today, Spurs talisman and goal-scorer Harry Kane was drawn on the club’s recent slump. The English international went on to admit that the present stands out as ‘probably the toughest time’ he has endured whilst in north London, but also added that a win over Red Star Belgrade in the Champions League tomorrow night could ‘kick-start’ the club’s season back into life: ‘It’s hard to put a finger on exactly what’s wrong. Sometimes when you’re having a run of form like this, things don’t always go your way in games.’ ‘It’s about sticking together and if we win tomorrow night that can kick-start us.’ ‘It’s probably the toughest time since I’ve been here. It’s just another challenge, though. The road to success will always have bumps and this is just one of them.’ ‘We went through an experience in the last Champions League campaign where we had less points than we do now. We know about the effort it takes to get through a Champions League group. We have to believe and fight for everything together.’ Quotes via Goal Tottenham provide teams news update before Red Star Belgrade Sheffield United vs Arsenal live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Tottenham fail to beat Watford Tottenham’s 2019/20 campaign got off to a rather lacklustre start. Despite it only being October, Mauricio Pochettino’s side have already been dealt blows in three separate competitions. The North London outfit have been ousted from the League Cup by Colchester. Spurs would be smashed 7-2… October 20, 2019 In "Sports" Olympiacos 2 – Tottenham 2 In the end it was a disappointing evening for Tottenham in Greece. Spurs started their Champions League account by opening up a 2-goal lead at Olympiacos on Wednesday. A penalty from Harry Kane was followed by yet another European goal for Lucas Moura. However, Olympiacos… September 19, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United legend Roy Keane has this evening revealed his opinion that his former club should attempt to secure the signature of Tottenham talisman Harry Kane, in a bid to solve their goal-scoring woes. United 1-1 Liverpool The Red Devils welcomed Liverpool to Old Trafford a short time ago, for… October 20, 2019 In "Sports"