Chelsea traveled to Lille on Wednesday evening as they went in search of their first Champions League win under Frank Lampard. Lampard’s European ventures as a manager didn’t get off to a great start last month with Chelsea losing 1-0 vs Valencia in their opening group stage tie. Like Chelsea, Lille’s Champions League campaign also got off to a losing start. The French outfit would fall to a 3-0 defeat vs Dutch powerhouse Ajax who started Wednesday top of Group H. Heading into the game Chelsea’s line-up was similar to the one that beat Wolves with Lampard once again opting to play five at the back. Here’s the squad Frank Lampard has chosen for #LOSCCHE! What do you think? pic.twitter.com/gzQkXjQvxC — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea would come away with a 2-1 win vs Lille thanks to strikes from Tammy Abraham and Willian. Here are three key talking points from the clash. Reece James is just one of many young prospects Frank Lampard is trying to integrate into the Chelsea first-team this season. The 19-year-old spent the 2018/19 campaign out on loan where he impressed in the Championship with Wigan. However, the full-back would miss the beginning of the 2019/20 season after suffering an injury over the summer. James would eventually recover from his injury and was handed his Chelsea senior debut last month when the Blues took on Grimsby Town in the League Cup. Yet in spite of James having no Premier League experience and having played just one game for Chelsea vs a League Two side, Lampard opted to start the England under-20 international on Wednesday vs Lille. Given Chelsea have kept just one clean sheet across all competitions this season, starting the inexperienced James at right wing-back in the Champions League could have been seen as a huge risk. However, for the most part, James put in an accomplished shift in France. The right-back made several good tackles throughout the evening, tracking back well and also providing a decent threat going forward. He was then brought off for Callum Hudson-Odoi in the 67th minute. But Lampard will likely have been pleased with what he saw from James. LILLE, FRANCE – OCTOBER 02: Jonathan Bamba of Lille is tackled by Cesar Azpilicueta and Reece James of Chelsea during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Lille OSC and Chelsea FC at Stade Pierre Mauroy on October 02, 2019 in Lille, France. (Photo by Bryn Lennon/Getty Images) As well as James, Chelsea had several other academy graduates in their starting line-up vs Lille. It would be two of those Chelsea youth products who combined at the Stade Pierre Mauroy to open the scoring. Fikayo Tomori worked under Lampard whilst he was in charge of Derby County during the 2018/19 campaign. Lampard clearly saw something he liked in Tomori. Prior to this evening’s clash, the 21-year-old had racked up six appearances across all competitions this campaign. Much like Tomori, Tammy Abraham has been flourishing under the guidance of Lampard, netting seven in nine prior to the Lille game. Abraham turned 22 today. The forward would mark his birthday with his first-ever Champions League goal. Tomori would loft the ball into the box, allowing Abraham to turn and slot the ball into the back of the net, putting Chelsea 1-0 up in the 22nd minute. Tammy Abraham is on FIRE! The 22-year-old’s first #ChampionsLeague goal puts Chelsea ahead against Lille!#OptusSport #UCL pic.twitter.com/Ijvap9fdFC — Optus Sport (@OptusSport) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
That goal vs Lille really can’t have hurt Abraham’s chance of earning a place in Gareth Southgate’s upcoming England squad. Southgate is set to name his latest England squad for their ties with Bulgaria and Czech Republic on Thursday. New month. New challenges for the #ThreeLions Gareth Southgate will name his squad for our #EURO2020 qualifiers against the Czech Republic and Bulgaria on Thursday. Who are you hoping to see included? pic.twitter.com/IFaP5oXzFs — England (@England) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Abraham is still eligible to play for Nigeria due to his father. But should Southgate opt to pick him on Thursday and then play him for any amount of time in either of the above-mentioned games, the birthday boy would be an England player for the rest of his career. And given the outstanding start he has had to the season, there is a good chance we could see Abraham in an England shirt sometime soon. LILLE, FRANCE – OCTOBER 02: Tammy Abraham of Chelsea celebrates after he scores his sides first goal during the UEFA Champions League group H match between Lille OSC and Chelsea FC at Stade Pierre Mauroy on October 02, 2019 in Lille, France. (Photo by Naomi Baker/Getty Images) Heading into the Lille game Chelsea would see of Brighton on Saturday, coming away with a 2-0 win. That win was Chelsea’s first clean sheet under Frank Lampard in competitive matches. Unfortunately for the Blues, they would once again be back to conceding goals on Wednesday. Lille’s equalising goal in the 33rd minute was a great example of how zonal marking doesn’t work. Chelsea had four players stood in a line as they looked to defend a corner. But none of that quartet got close enough to Victor Osimhen as he got his side back on level terms. You could perhaps argue that Chelsea’s defence is so leaky this season because Lampard has opted to start some younger players, or because Antonio Rudiger has been out of action for much of the campaign. However, the problem looks to run deeper than that and appears to be more to do with Lampard himself. After Lille made it 1-1, Opta revealed that in the 68 games that Frank Lampard has managed between Derby County and Chelsea in all competitions, his teams have only kept a clean sheet in 22% of their matches. 22% – In the 68 games that Frank Lampard has managed between Derby County and Chelsea in all competitions, his teams have only kept a clean sheet in 22% of their matches (15/68). Vulnerable. pic.twitter.com/oTRFisv43M — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Yes, Chelsea have been playing some eye-catching attacking football this season and they still beat Lille. But Chelsea can’t afford to keep conceding so much. And perhaps it is time for Lampard to give up some of his attacking philosophy and work on his side’s defensive capabilities. See also: Beşiktaş vs Wolves betting tips: UEFA Europa League match preview and predictions AZ Alkmaar vs Manchester United betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions Arsenal vs Standard Liege betting tips: Europa League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea 7 – Grimsby 1 Chelsea have finally won their first home match of the season. However, the Blues failed to keep their first clean sheet of the season in a 7-1 win over Grimsby in the Carabao Cup. The Blues cruised to victory thanks to goal from Ross Barkley,… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Chelsea vs Liverpool Both Chelsea and Liverpool will look to bounce back from midweek defeats in the Champions League when they meet at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. In their first Champions League match this season, Chelsea lost 1-0 at home to Valencia on Tuesday. Liverpool, the reigning European champs, lost… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Liverpool and Chelsea will this week face off in the first ever all-English UEFA Super Cup. Ahead of Wednesday’s match, PA takes a look at five of the main talking points ahead of the Besiktas Park clash. Lampard to get first win – and Cup? Chelsea manager Frank Lampard has… August 14, 2019 In "News"