It is within these challenges that he grew to become a relevant name in the Nigerian music industry and even in the society. The singer who has built a fan base called Marlians has grown to be a big part of so many people’s lives and some of them adore him so much that they find it as a privilege to be part of his fan base. One proof of that is from the brief story a lady just shared on the internet about how the mention of Naira Marley’s name gave her some grace in the sight of people who were under strict regulations to give objection to her proposal. The lady took to her Instagram page to write; “Omo Naira Marley’s name just opened door for me o. Literally they are foxing the road to my house and omo oniles locked the gate and told us to go through a longer route. I was playing Mafo in my car and one of them said Marlians! E si fun. Naira Marley for president. This is the real “Oba ni ko baje, mafo omo iya mi mo wa pelu e.”   A post shared by Instablog9ja (@instablog9ja) on Oct 27, 2019 at 1:15am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Lady Narrates How Naira Marley’s Name Saved Her From Shame & Wasted Efforts In Front Of Her Enemies appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Naira Marley‘s Soapy has been a topic of discussion since its release. When news broke that Naira Marley and Zlatan Ibile had been apprehended by EFCC for their alleged involvement in internet fraud, people took to their respective social media pages to react differently. Some people took the UK-based Nigerian… July 4, 2019 In "Music/Video" When Naira Marley was picked up by the EFCC last month, the Nigerian music and entertainment scene became quite a lot busy as the saga on a daily basis featured on all social media timelines and became a selling point for all major entertainment blogs. The case became even more… June 8, 2019 In "Music/Video" A Twitter user has revealed how thugs stole and beat up other fans at Naira Marley’s show which took place in Ibadan. A twitter user identified as Moyossore took to his Twitter page to share details of the atrocities which occurred at Naira Marley’s Ibadan Fest in Ibadan. According to… September 16, 2019 In "Music/Video"