Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has revealed why Victor Lindelof is not part of the club’s squad taking on Newcastle United this evening. The Red Devils are currently locked in action with Steve Bruce’s struggling Magpies at St. James’ Park. Newcastle headed into proceedings sitting 2nd-bottom of the Premier League table, having picked up just a solitary league victory to this point in the campaign. The Toon’s last outing, meanwhile, saw them utterly embarrassed by Leicester City, in a 5-0 drubbing. The recent form of their opponents this evening, though, has also left a lot to be desired. Manchester United sat in a lowly 12th in the English top-flight ahead of kick-off, having notched just 1 win from their last 4 fixtures across all competitions. Their form on the road of late, meanwhile, would not have inspired too much hope of the Red Devils turning their fortunes around at St. James’. Manchester United’s last 10 Away games: 2-0 vs Arsenal
 2-1 vs Wolves
 2-1 vs Wolves
 3-0 vs Barcelona
 4-0 vs Everton
 1-1 vs Huddersfield
 1-1 vs Wolves
 1-1 vs Southampton
 2-0 vs West Ham
 0-0 vs Alkmaar 10 GAMES WITHOUT AN AWAY WIN.. #oleout — Zach™️ (@mufczach) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And the announcement of Man United’s starting XI an hour prior to kick-off no doubt only saw the gloomy atmosphere surrounding Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad sour further. The likes of Anthony Martial, Luke Shaw, Paul Pogba and Aaron Wan-Bissaka are all absent this evening. One surprise last-minute scratch from not only the visitors starting line-up, but their matchday squad altogether, though, was Victor Lindelof: Team news Here’s how #MUFC line up on Tyneside for #NEWMUN… — Manchester United (@ManUtd) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, speaking ahead of kick-off a short time ago, Solskjaer was questioned on Lindelof’s absence, with the Swede having acted as an ever-present for the Red Devils in the Premier League this season. The United boss, though, went on to confirm that his stopper, like Jesse Lingard, picked up an injury during the club’s midweek meeting with AZ Alkmaar: ‘That’s injuries. Victor and Jesse (Lingard) got injures against Alkmaar on that pitch.’ ‘Paul obviously didn’t travel. So we’ve just got more concerns on the injury front but that doesn’t matter now, we’ve got 11 out there who have been playing together. Diogo did well against Alkmaar and he’ll be better for the 90 minutes.’ Quotes via the Manchester Evening News Newcastle United vs Manchester United live streaming: Watch the Premier League online & confirmed line-ups Man United to appoint new physio after Solskjaer fitness comments – Mirror Source: Great Goals Updates on the fitness of a number of Manchester United stars have emerged online this afternoon, ahead of their meeting with West Ham United. West Ham vs Man United The Red Devils are set to travel to the London Stadium on Sunday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. United… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Updates on the fitness of a number of Manchester United stars have emerged online this afternoon, ahead of their meeting with West Ham United. West Ham vs Man United The Red Devils are set to travel to the London Stadium on Sunday afternoon, for their latest Premier League outing. United… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s latest activity across social media has been turning plenty of heads this afternoon. United’s disappointing week Solskjaer’s men travelled to AZ Alkmaar this past Thursday, for the club’s 2nd Europa League outing of the campaign. United headed into proceedings having bagged all 3 points… October 5, 2019 In "Sports"