Christian Pulisic was signed by Chelsea in January of 2019 from Borussia Dortmund. The Blues are said to have paid £58m for the winger before loaning him back to the German outfit for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. But since his arrival at Stamford Bridge, Pulisic’s game time has been rather limited. Prior to Sunday, Pulisic sat on the bench in Chelsea’s last three league games. Pulisic was also completely omitted from Chelsea’s matchday squad vs Lille on Wednesday evening. The American then began the day on the subs bench vs Southampton on Sunday. And he was handed just 10 minutes of game time vs the Saints. But before Sunday’s game, the Daily Mail reported that Pulisic was ready to consider his Chelsea future in the upcoming January window if he continues to be left out: Christian Pulisic is ready to consider his Chelsea future in January if he continues to be left out of the side by Frank Lampard. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) While Pulisic was only on the pitch for 10 minutes vs Ralph Hassenhutl’s side, he still managed an assist, setting up Michy Batshuayi for Chelsea’s 4th of the day. Tammy Abraham, Mason Mount and N’Golo Kante got Chelsea’s remaining goals vs Southampton. The Blues are now up to 5th in the table, on the same points as 4th place Leicester and just two points behind second place Manchester City. As for Southampton, they are currently 17th in the PL table. The Batsman completes the scoring!  Southampton 1-4 Chelsea! @cmpulisic with the assist. #SOUCHE #CFC #Chelsea A post shared by  Chelsea FC (@chelseafc) on Oct 6, 2019 at 7:58am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Longstaff’s dream debut and 3 key talking points from Newcastle 1-0 Manchester United Diogo Dalot the latest Manchester United injury casualty after being forced off vs Newcastle Source: Great Goals