Chelsea star Willian has today provided an update on his future, as the Brazilian’s expiring contract continues to wind down. 31-year-old winger Willian has been on the books of Chelsea since 2013, when he made the move to Stamford Bridge from Russian outfit Anzhi Makhachkala. And the gifted South American has since gone on to establish himself as a key contributor for the Blues, racking up over 300 appearances across his 6+ seasons in London. The 2017/18 campaign proved particularly fruitful for the former Shakhtar Donetsk man, with Willian having notched 13 goals and 12 assists in 55 outings across all competitions. However, despite the 69-time capped international’s near ever-present role for the capital outfit, large sections of Chelsea’s fanbase have never truly taken to Willian. The Corinthians youth product’s inconsistencies last season, meanwhile, often saw him singled out for heavy criticism. Willian has to go. No hating but his chelsea career is done out here transfer ban or not. — Elias (@Everymonday6) April 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The early months of the current campaign, however, have seen new life breathed into Willian’s performances. The experienced attacker has been handed a new lease of life by Frank Lampard, looking reinvigorated, dangerous in front of goal and, crucially, fully committed to the Chelsea cause. This comes despite his contract being due to expire in less than 12 months’ time. As such, speaking in an interview with Brazilian outlet Esporte Interativo earlier today, Willian was drawn on his future at Stamford Bridge. And, though the veteran confirmed that he has ‘a market’ available across Europe, Willian went on to reaffirm his intention to remain in the English capital: ‘Of course when you talk about Corinthians, the club that launched me, I have a great affection. But honestly, I don’t think about returning to Brazil.’ ‘I think I have a lot of wood to burn here in Europe. I have a market.’ ‘I’m very happy here at Chelsea. Of course my contract is ending now, at the end of the season it’s over. But I’m happy at Chelsea and I plan to stay here.’  Manchester City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Chelsea have turned down Â£35m bids from Atletico Madrid and Barcelona for Brazilian winger Willian, claims Sky Sports. Willian is approaching the final 12 months of his existing Chelsea contract and has been heavily linked with a move to Spain in the last few years. Chelsea have turned down a… June 17, 2019 In "News" Brazil international, Willian has been given a new jersey number at Chelsea. Willian will now wear the No.10 shirt for Frank Lampard’s side for the 2019-20 season. The 30-year-old switched from his previous number, 22, which he had worn since joining the club from Anzhi Makhachkala in 2013, ahead of… July 22, 2019 In "News" Willian will wear the No.10 shirt at Chelsea in the 2019-20 season, succeeding Eden Hazard after the Belgian attacker left to join Real Madrid. The Brazilian winger had worn the No.22 jersey ever since he joined the Blues in 2013, but has now swapped it for one that has been… August 3, 2019 In "News"