It was undoubtedly the big talking point of Manchester United 1 – Liverpool 1. Manchester United were expected to be on the end of a heavy defeat to Liverpool in the big Super Sunday clash. After all, Liverpool had won all eight of their matches in the Premier League preceding this one. And, Manchester United had made a poor start to the season, losing to Newcastle before the international break. On 36 minutes, the game tilted in Manchester United’s favour thanks to a goal from Marcus Rashford. The England striker converted a fine Daniel James cross to put Manchester United 1-0 up. However, in the build-up, Liverpool lost the ball in what looked like a foul by Victor Lindelof on Divock Origi. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 20: Marcus Rashford of Manchester United scores his sides first goal during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Liverpool FC at Old Trafford on October 20, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) On Monday Night Football, during the show covering Sheffield United 1 – Arsenal 0, Jamie Carragher looked into the view referee Martin Atkinson had for the foul on Origi. Carragher impressively proves that Atkinson did not have a good view of the foul at all, and therefore was unable to give the decision. As can be seen on the video below and in an opinion voiced by Jurgen Klopp after the game, the problem in this instance is VAR. Since Martin Atkinson couldn’t see the “foul” – it is then up to VAR to adjudicate how this is decided. However, the trend in the Premier League this season, the first campaign with VAR, is that very few decisions made by referees are overturned. Watch Jamie Carragher look in-depth at the Divock Origi “foul” on the video below. Ultimately, Divock Origi did not help himself in this instance either. See how Origi has become a meme for his reaction to the challenge from Victor Lindelof after Manchester United 1 – Liverpool 1. What a player that Origi is. He’s so ambidextrous with both feet, that when he gets fouled on one leg, he feels pain in the other. pic.twitter.com/JCdYjxmxGH — Troll Football (@TrollFootball) October 21, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Related: David Ornstein on chances of Man United signing Leicester’s James Maddison. Liverpool dominate Ballon d’Or nominee list/Spurs & Arsenal stars also named. Source: Great Goals