100 Crowns ft. Blaqbonez x Payper Corleone x Tentik – Passport 100 crowns label represented by Blaqbonez teams up with Payper Corleone and Tentik, two rappers who had a go at Blaqbonez during the Best rapper in Africa Brouhaha for this new joint titled Passport. It is unclear whether this song is recent and if they all teamed up to take shots at Vector who has been at war with M.I Abaga. Although Blaqbonez Lyrics “To kill a snake, you need to go for the head. . Blah Blah Blah, thats a head shot” seemed to be singing his Master’s song on the recent #NoSnakes war with Vector, the others had verses that didn’t match the memo which made critics think these verses are not recent or maybe that the 100 crowns guys were being mischevious. Further more, Payper Corleone’s tweet after the release proved that it was recent and urged fans to just enjoy the collaboration. A stance which made Vector fans think he was the source of the leake of his “Purge” track before it dropped. Enjoy the song and try not to analyse shit you know NOTHING about. Lyrically, Who fuck Up go still collect…. Normally! — Payper Corleone (@PayperCorleone) October 9, 2019 One thing is clear though, If Vector is going to come up tops of this on going battle, he needs loyal soldiers by his side, something that seems to be lacking at the moment based on this new song “Passport”. Listen below and share your thoughts. AUDIO DOWNLOAD  The post 100 Crowns ft. Blaqbonez x Payper Corleone x Tentik – Passport appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay For The Culture, Blaqbonez, Payper Corleone and Tentik joins forces for “Passport”, An Head Shot! 100 Crowns presents “PASSPORT” featuring the young kings of African HipHop; Blaqbonez, Payper Corleone & Tentik. The self acclaimed only Hip Hop record label in Nigeria dishes this song out to switch the ‘No Snake’… October 10, 2019 In "Music/Video" Payper Corleone – Sacrificial Lamb (Blaqbonez Diss Reply) The Rap scene in Nigeria is blazing hot at the moment all thanks to Blaqbonez as Payper Corleone drops his response to the BRIA track with Sacrificial Lamb. Payper’s reply was laced over the famous Ether instrumental and features direct shots at… August 1, 2019 In "Music/Video" VIDEO: Blaqbonez – Shut Up Overview of Blaqbonez – Shut Up (Official Video) Nigerian Hip-Hop sensation, Blaqbonez finally premieres the highly anticipated visual for his latest output dubbed “Shut Up“. Blaqbonez who is signed to 100 Crowns, an imprint of Chocolate City solidifies his claim as The Best Rapper in Africa… September 24, 2019 In "Music/Video"