Kiki Mordi, alongside other BBC Africa Eye undercover journalists, made a documentary on this after gathering dozens of testimonies from female university undergraduates, with a focus on the University of Lagos and the University of Ghana. Dr. Boniface of the University of Lagos revealed that there’s a cold room inside the lecturers’ staff room, where female students are being harassed in exchange for good grades, and Mr. Butakor, a lecturer at the University of Ghana, explained the concept of a ‘side guy’, to one of the undercover journalists who pretended to be a final year student, in a bid to have sex with her. Nigerians and Ghanians have joined the discussion on Twitter, with victims are sharing their experiences, people are condemning the act(s) and of course, we have some who… well, you need to see the tweets yourself to believe. See tweets below:  The lengths women go to, just to be free from sexual harassment Name and shame  It doesn’t start from the university  A case for better parenting  A case of the third party effects of sexual harassment   It’s everywhere around us; you only need to look closer to really see it.  It’s not just lecturers, even a deputy vice chancellor… Powerful people using their power to violate students  There are people who believe the documentary is not a good idea  There are people who believe that the female students ask for this   Then there are people like Adebayo Kolawole  And Kid Thrillz here  Of course there are the people who believe simply avoiding is the solution  Or simply smelling awful There’s the fear that even if you speak up, nothing happens.  Over in Ghana…   The emotionally triggered   Saving the next generation  Those who believe foreign media has an agenda Recommendation  Meanwhile, it is important to note that the Sexual Harassment in Tertiary Education Institution Bill, which was passed in 2016, provides for a five-year jail term for a lecturer convicted for sexually harassing male or female students. We hope that this is bill is signed into law soon. If you are a victim of sexual assault or rape in Nigeria, please check out this list of resource centres where you can get help. The post Here’s What Nigerians & Ghanaians are Saying on Twitter About the BBC African Eye Documentary on #SexForGrades appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Academic institutions in West Africa have increasingly been facing allegations of sexual harassment by lecturers. This type of abuse is said to be endemic, but it’s almost never proven. After gathering dozens of testimonies, BBC Africa Eye sent undercover journalists posing as students inside the University of Lagos and the… October 7, 2019 In "Entertainment" There is a topic that is currently trending on the internet which has to do with University lecturers sexually abusing students all in the name of wanting to help them get good grades in school. This topic which has now become huge on Twitter arose as a result of a… October 7, 2019 In "Music/Video" By Rasheed Sobowale A documentary by “BBC Africa Eye” has revealed a senior lecturer and former sub-dean in the Faculty of Art, University of Lagos, Akoka (UNILAG) made sensual advances towards an ‘assumed 17-year-old girl’ seeking admission in the prestigious university. The lecturer, Dr Boniface Igbeneghu was reported in the… October 7, 2019 In "News"