Mesut Ozil signed a bumper new contract with Arsenal back in January of 2018. That contract will keep Ozil at the Emirates until 2021 with the German himself coming out and stating he wants to stay until then: “I have a contract until the summer of 2021 and I will be staying until then.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. However, current Arsenal boss Unai Emery doesn’t seem to be too keen on Ozil. The midfield maestro has been completely omitted from Arsenal’s last five matchday squads across all competitions. When asked for a reason why Ozil was absent in Arsenal’s last clash vs Vitoria SC, Emery gave this rather blunt response: “Tonight is not the day to speak about that. “I prefer to speak about the match. We have all the players who played. “He’s not in the squad. That is the decision tonight. Now we are going to work towards Sunday.” As quoted by the Daily Mail. So, with Emery seemingly not wanting to play Ozil and the player himself apparently wanting to stay with the North London outfit until 2021, there appears to be a stalemate. SOUTHAMPTON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 16: Mesut Ozil of Arsenal on the bench during the Premier League match between Southampton FC and Arsenal FC at St Mary’s Stadium on December 16, 2018 in Southampton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) But Dean Jones, writing for Bleacher Report, has now claimed that Ozil may be open to leaving Arsenal before 2021. According to the report from B/R, sources have explained that Ozil will be forced to change his mindset in the new year if he continues to be left out by Emery. The report went on to state that should the midfielder decide to quit Arsenal early, America is the number one destination Ozil will consider. “If he does decide to quit Arsenal early, America is the no. 1 destination he will consider.”@DeanJonesBR on Ozil’s future.https://t.co/IKiP7SwReS — B/R Football (@brfootball) October 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Arsenal are now set to face off with Crystal Palace on Sunday. Despite Ozil being left out vs both Sheffield United and Vitoria this week, it is hard to see him featuring vs Palace. But with the points gap between Arsenal and the teams around them so marginal, they can’t really afford to be dropping points vs Palace and could perhaps use Ozil’s creativity, especially given their last two displays have been rather poor. See also: Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Burnley vs Chelsea live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds   Source: Great Goals Arsenal narrowly beat Vitoria Arsenal played host to Vitoria SC on Thursday evening in what should have been a fairly routine win for the North London outfit. Unai Emery would deploy a fairly strong squad with the likes of Hector Bellerin and new boy Kieran Tierney in from the start.… October 25, 2019 In "Sports" Mesut Ozil breaks silence to David Ornstein A huge scoop for the Athletic’s reporter David Ornstein on Thursday – an exclusive interview with Arsenal’s Mesut Ozil. Ozil has been silent this season amid ongoing issues with the Gunners. The club’s highest earner can’t get into Unai Emery’s team. Emery has… October 17, 2019 In "Sports" Ozil & Arsenal Mesut Ozil has been on Arsenals’ books for just over six years now. In that time, Ozil has racked up 233 appearances for the Gunners, in which he has scored 43 and provided 74 assists. However, in recent times, the German has found his game time with… October 17, 2019 In "Sports"