After around six years at Tottenham, Christian Eriksen looked as though he wanted out of North London over the summer. Eriksen would make a rather big claim, in which he stated that he might want to try something new. “I feel I am at a place in my career where I might want to try something new.” As quoted by the Independent. In the same interview, the Dane spoke about Spanish giants Real Madrid and how they are a step up: “There are not many goals that Tottenham cannot meet. If I have to go, then hopefully it will be a step up. [Real Madrid] is a step up but it requires Real Madrid to call Tottenham and say they want Christian. And they have not done that yet, as far as I know.” As quoted by the Independent. Despite Eriksen seemingly hinting he wanted a move to Real Madrid, nothing would materialise over the summer window. LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 10: Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Aston Villa at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on August 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Tottenham Hotspur FC/Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty Images) Eriksen has instead started the 2019/20 campaign as a Spurs player. However, the midfield maestro is now in the final year of his current contract. Should Eriksen not sign a new deal, Mauricio Pochettino’s side would lose Eriksen for free next summer. The Mirror recently ran a report, in which they alleged Tottenham hope to sell Eriksen to Real in January, instead of losing him for free in the summer. Well now, according to Spanish outlet AS, Real Madrid do have the funds to sign Eriksen in the winter window: Madrid have the funds to sign the Tottenham midfielder in the winter transfer window. It will depend on how the team is performing, and if there are long-term injuries… See also: Bulgaria vs England betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Czech Republic vs Northern Ireland betting tips: International friendly match preview and predictions  Source: Great Goals Eriksen’s Spurs stint Christian Eriksen joined Tottenham in August of 2013 from Dutch outfit Ajax. Spurs are believed to have paid around £12m for Eriksen’s services. Since making the switch to North London, Eriksen has gone on to become an integral member of Tottenham’s squad. In total, the Dane has… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Eriksen & Tottenham Christian Eriksen has been at Tottenham since 2013 when he moved from Dutch outfit Ajax. The midfielder has made 287 appearances across all competitions for Spurs, in which he has scored 67 and assisted 67. However, Eriksen looks to be moving close to an exit from the… October 5, 2019 In "Sports" Eriksen & Tottenham Christian Eriksen has been at Tottenham since 2013. In that time he has played 281 games, scored 67 and assisted 86 across all competitions for Spurs. However, Eriksen may have surprised some Tottenham fans back in June when he said in an interview that he may want… September 5, 2019 In "Sports"