Only a handful of Tottenham players spoke to the media after Spurs lost 7-2 to Bayern Munich in the Champions League on Tuesday. One of those players was Belgian centre-half Jan Vertonghen, who gave some insightful comments in the mixed zone. Next weekend, Tottenham take on Brighton in the Premier League. Vertonghen hopes the Brighton game can change the atmosphere at the north London club, saying: The next game is in the Premier League on Saturday and that can be a good chance to get rid of this feeling. Vertonghen also tried to find positives to focus on after conceding seven against the Bavarians: I feel extremely hurt, I feel ashamed, all negative thoughts are going through my head, it’s embarrassing to stand here in front of you guys. This is a bad incident but this group is together. We have to stay together. We will turn this around. I’m not walking away from this, that’s why I’m speaking to you guys, we have to take responsibility and we will. Two other Tottenham players to speak to the media after Bayern were Toby Alderweireld and Hugo Lloris. Alderweireld called the Bayern result an “embarrassment”, before noting that the squad would band together to bounce back. As for Hugo Lloris, the French goalie looked and sounded shell-shocked after letting in seven goals. Lloris also voiced his belief that Tottenham “gave up a little too easily” in the final 10 minutes. Tottenham players explaining their 7-2 loss to Bayern? Hook it straight into my veins pic.twitter.com/OEpuAjWhyX — Goal (@goal) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js "Spectacular!" Robert Lewandowski hails 4-goal Serge Gnabry, who had NEVER previously scored in the #UCL… until tonight!#beINUCL #UCL #TOTBAY pic.twitter.com/O26hnEf1aY — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manuel Neuer: "I feel a bit sorry for Hugo Lloris. He conceded 7 goals at home that he couldn't really do something about. It's a pity for him" pic.twitter.com/nChz9Th8U4 — Bayern & Germany (@iMiaSanMia) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Liverpool vs RB Salzburg betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions. Lille vs Chelsea betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals