John McGinn made the switch to Villa Park in August of 2018 from Scottish outfit, Hibernian. Aston Villa are believed to have paid around £2.79m for McGinn’s services. McGinn would have a solid debut season for Aston Villa, in which the midfielder scored six and assisted 10 in 40 Championship appearances. McGinn was an integral member of Villa’s promotion-winning side and now they are back in the English top-flight, the 25-year-old has continued his emphatic rise in English football. Villa have not had the best results so far this season and began Saturday 15th in the league, just one point adrift of the relegation zone. However, McGinn has been in top form in the PL this term, bagging three goals and providing one assist in Villa’s first eight outings. BIRMINGHAM, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 15: Dean Smith manager of Aston Villa during a press conference at Villa Park Stadium on October 15, 2018 in Birmingham, England. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) After an emphatic start to life in England, McGinn has already been linked with one of the top clubs in the PL. There was a report during the summer that Manchester United were set to bid for the Scotsman. While no transfer materialised, McGinn’s fine form so far this term will surely have some of the big clubs on alert. However, Aston Villa boss Dean Smith has sent an almost hands-off warning to the big clubs, stating they can come calling but they will get a short swift reply. Smith also added McGinn is a player Aston Villa want: “The big clubs can come calling but they’ll get a short, swift reply! He’s a player we want here at Aston Villa. “His value shot up from the moment he stepped out onto the Villa Park pitch and showed just what a player he is. “He has an unbelievable energy level and a big, big heart, but people don’t see the technical side of it as well – he’s got that in abundance. “He’s a really top player and pivotal to us getting promoted last season. He’s continued that form in the Premier League and his value would have certainly shot up.” As quoted by the Mirror. See also: Crystal Palace vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Crystal Palace vs Manchester City live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds   Source: Great Goals Grealish impressing for Villa Jack Grealish has had a solid start to the season with Aston Villa. The newly-promoted side haven’t had the easiest of times but do have four points from five games. Grealish has captained Villa in all five of their PL games so far this season and… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Aston Villa vs Burnley Burnley will travel to newly-promoted Aston Villa on Saturday. The Clarets head into the tie 9th in the Premier League with eight points from six games. Burnley’s last clash saw them beat Norwich 2-0 at home. As for Aston Villa, they are having a pretty tough… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Aston Villa Brighton’s 2019/20 League Cup campaign got underway las month as they beat Bristol Rovers 2-1 in the 2nd round. The Seagulls are now set to face Aston Villa at home in the 3rd round on Wednesday the 25th of September. Brighton have not been in the… September 23, 2019 In "Sports"