Tottenham are set to play host to Bayern Munich on Tuesday evening. Spurs began their Champions League campaign in somewhat disappointing fashion as they drew 2-2 with Olympiacos. Mauricio Pochettino’s side are 2nd in Group B with Bayern in top spot after they saw of Red Star Belgrade in their opening CL clash of 2019/20. On paper at least, you would see Spurs and Bayern as the two sides who make it out of their group. So, this game could have big implications on who finishes in 1st and 2nd place. FRANKFURT AM MAIN, GERMANY – APRIL 08: Head coach Niko Kovac of Frankfurt looks on prior to the Bundesliga match between Eintracht Frankfurt and TSG 1899 Hoffenheim at Commerzbank-Arena on April 8, 2018 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. (Photo by Alex Grimm/Bongarts/Getty Images) Both Spurs and Bayern have a top goalscorer in their side. Harry Kane is once again having a solid 2019/20 campaign. He has already found the back of the next five times in the league this season. While Bayern’s Robert Lewandowski has already managed 10 in the league this campaign. Ahead of Tuesday’s evenings game, Bayern boss Niko Kovac has been speaking about the two above-mentioned strikers, stating he thinks they are probably in the top three/four in the world: “I can say something about Harry Kane but there is no need to do so. “People sitting in front of me have already said everything there is to say about him, every word is already too much. “His quality in the Premier League but also in the England squad speaks for itself, he’s sensational. “He’s a player that can do it all. He is great at keeping the ball, he’s good with his head, there is nothing he cannot do. “He’s a very strong striker. Him and Lewandowski are probably in the top three, four in the world. That’s the way it is at the moment. “Both of them are hugely successful and I look forward to seeing out things pan out tomorrow. “I am going to give my team some information about Harry Kane which I am not going to tell you.” As quoted by Sky Sports News. Source: Great Goals