The self acclaimed Africa’s best rapper has revealed he would be dropping an album this October. And as it is already known by all and sundry, Davido also already revealed he would be dropping his much anticipated sophomore album in this month of October as well. Therefore in a move not to clash with Davido’s, Blaqbonez has pleaded that he be let in on the exact date would be releasing his so he wouldn’t shoot himself in the leg by dropping it at the same time. He wrote; “@iam_Davido Please even if its just me, please tell me the date you want to drop your album this month, I don’t want to drop and overshadow you bro. Sorry is a lie, please if we drop the same day nobody go send me, please tell me your date so i fit arrange myself in advance.” @iam_Davido Please even if its just me, please tell me the date you want to drop your album this month, I don’t want to drop and overshadow you bro sorry is a lie, please if we drop the same day nobody go send me, please tell me your date so i fit arrange myself in advance ? — mr boombastic ? (@BlaqBonez) October 8, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The reason Blaqbonez has made this move is quite understandable, he is aware of Davido’s global acceptance and the fact that he is arguably Africa’s biggest music star and he wouldn’t want to have his album drop with someone that controls such huge fan base all over the world. Aside that, Davido’s album is the moat anticipated album in Africa as it is his only econd album in his 8-year glittering career. People have been starved of an album from and they have been waiting for the second one. The energy has been built by fans towards the release of the album and if any other thing from any other artistes at the time of Davido’s album releases, it could suffer from lack of attention. Great move Blaqbonez! The post Rapper; Blaqbonez Begs Davido Not To Release Album At The Time His Own Would Drop appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive I remember how elated I was when I received a dm from a friend who worked with Davido’s management team The Plug that I was one of the few people shortlisted for Davido’s listening party. It was like a dream come true. I don’t hide the sentiment I share for… September 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" <p class="">Blaqbonez talks to Pulse about his latest EP,<em> ''Bad Boy Blaq Re-up''</em> and his recent moves.</p> <h1>Consistency remains one of the most exemplary attributes in music and of late, ability to adapt to new trends is pushing potentials into super stars beyond the internet pages and very few have… February 18, 2019 In "News" Davido has announced that he would be dropping a new song that would feature yet again, American R&B superstar, Chris Brown. The singer who is set to drop his sophomore album in October has made this revelation through his social media pages and he has successfully gotten fans to start… September 26, 2019 In "Music/Video"