Liverpool have this evening provided updates on the fitness of a number of the club’s defenders, ahead of their meeting with Tottenham this weekend. Jurgen Klopp’s men are set to welcome their opponents from last season’s Champions League final to Anfield on Sunday evening. The Reds will head into proceedings on the back of their first dropped points of the Premier League season last time out. A trip to Old Trafford saw Liverpool forced to settle for a point, after Adam Lallana’s late equaliser cancelled out Marcus Rashford’s first-half opener. The Merseyside giants have since bounced back, though, with a dominant 4-1 win over Genk on Wednesday night. Tottenham, meanwhile, also secured a comprehensive Champions League victory this week. The north Londoners brought an abysmal run of just 1 win in 7 across all competitions to an end versus Red Star on Tuesday, by means of a 5-0 victory. Liverpool, as a result, look set to face a reinvigorated Spurs in two days’ time, with Mauricio Pochettino’s men no doubt desperate to carry their upturn in form back onto the domestic front. As such, speaking in his pre-match press conference in anticipation of his side’s meeting with the Lilywhites, Jurgen Klopp this evening provided a fitness update on his squad. There was largely positive news for the Reds, with Andy Robertson, who was hooked after an hour of the club’s win over Genk, and Trent Alexander-Arnold, who missed the trip to Belgium altogether due to illness, in line to face Tottenham: ‘Yeah, we just rested Robbo.’ ‘We thought that’s enough for today [against Genk on Wednesday], 60 minutes. He could do it and did it. He is fine.’ ‘Trent is fine. Or looked fine, if there is no setback. He was ill – ill enough to not travel with us, which is not a good sign, but yesterday he had a clearing session and if it is as it was yesterday then he should be fine.’ Fellow defender Joel Matip, though, remains a doubt to feature on Sunday: ‘With Joel, we have to see. I didn’t see him yet. I don’t know 100 per cent.’ 👊 @trentaa98 is expected to be available for our clash with @SpursOfficial. — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals