Despite being just 19 years of age, Phil Foden has already racked up 42 appearances across all competitions for Manchester City’s first-team. 26 of those appearances came during the 2018/19 campaign, in which Foden netted seven and assisted two. The Sky Blues would also dominate English football this past season running rampant in all three of the Premier League, League Cup and FA Cup. Now, after helping City win their second successive league title, it has emerged that Foden has bagged himself a Guinness World Record. It was revealed that Foden has earned the accolade of becoming the youngest player to win the Premier League. On earning the record, Foden had this to say: “I’m over the moon with this. Didn’t really know until someone else told me! It’s nice to be recognised and cool to say I’ve got a world record.” As quoted by the Guinness World Records’ official website. Anything is possible Youngest Player to win the @premierleague, and he comes from Stockport Buzzing with this one, thank you @GWR pic.twitter.com/oZf8yBapzZ — Phil Foden (@PhilFoden) October 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Foden put on an emphatic display earlier this week as Man City put Serie A outfit Atalanta to the sword by five goals to one. But given Pep Guardiola’s love of rotation an the fact Foden has not played too much this season, he will likely not be starting this weekend when Man City face off with Aston Villa. City head into the tie 2nd in the Premier League, six points off league leaders Liverpool. As for Aston Villa, they are 12th in the English top-flight but they have won their last two league outings. See also: Southampton vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals Manchester City's English midfielder Phil Foden celebrates scoring his team's third goal during the English League Cup third round football match between Oxford United and Manchester City at the Kassam Stadium in Oxford, west of London, on September 25, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Adrian DENNIS/ Pep Guardiola has backed… September 26, 2018 In "News" Manchester City manager Phil Foden has moved to lavish fresh praise on Phil Foden, labelling the gifted youngster the only indispensable member of his squad. City prodigy 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a rare combination of touch,… October 10, 2019 In "Sports" Foden’s Man City stint 19-year-old Phil Foden is a product of Manchester City’s youth system. The promising midfielder has made 40 appearances for Manchester City’s senior side during his tenure at the club, scoring eight and assisting three. However, Foden is struggling to hold down any regular first-team football with… October 16, 2019 In "Sports"