Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. We are recruiting to fill the following vacant positions below:  Locations: Lagos Deadline: 30th October, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Abuja Deadline: 30th October, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Location: Lagos Deadline: 31st October, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Locations: Niger Deadline: 31st October, 2019. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Submit your CV to Compovine Technology Limited (4 Positions) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. We are recruiting to… October 3, 2019 In "Gists" Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. We are recruiting to… August 21, 2019 In "Jobs" Compovine Technology Limited is an indigenous company with the main aim of offering Information Technology, Sales and Services to individuals and corporate organizations. Compovine Technology Limited currently has branches in Ibadan, Abuja, Lagos, Lokoja, Kano, Kaduna, Jos, Minna, Portharcourt and Enugu, and we are still expanding. We are recruiting to… September 23, 2019 In "Gists"