It’s one of the biggest fixtures in the Premier League calendar. When the Premier League restarts after the international break, all eyes will be locked on Manchester United versus Liverpool at Old Trafford. If Liverpool win the away match, Jurgen Klopp will extend the Reds’ winning run to nine league games. Man United, meanwhile, are only two points above the drop zone. United only have one win in their last five outings; that was a penalty shootout victory against League One side Rochdale in the Carabao Cup. What will be the repercussions at Old Trafford if Liverpool trounce Man United on October 20? Many are speculating about Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s ongoing future at the Theatre of Dreams. However, according to Times journalist Henry Winter, Solskjaer has the backing of the Man United boardroom: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s job as Manchester United manager is safe even if they suffer a bad defeat by Liverpool next week, according to sources at the club. United’s board is determined to be patient with Solskjaer, acknowledging the scale of the job he has taken on, and has held a series of meetings with him and the club’s extensive recruitment staff about four signings, including a centre forward, they want to make next year. Manchester United back Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Support continues for #mufc manager despite threat posed by forthcoming visit of #lfc. https://t.co/Rt0rs6LiNq — Henry Winter (@henrywinter) October 10, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sticking with Henry Winter’s report in the Times, it’s claimed that Man United are looking to sign English players to rebuild their squad: United are keen to continue with the summer policy of signing young players, preferably British, but the key is youth and character. Goal.com’s Alex Netherton has also delved into Man United’s future recruitment plans this week. It’s claimed that West Ham midfielder Declan Rice is on Man United’s shopping list: Manchester United are pondering moves for West Ham midfielder Declan Rice and Napoli defender Kalidou Koulibaly ahead of the 2020-21 campaign. (Man United) are already exploring January moves for Juventus attacker Mario Mandzukic as well as Tottenham playmaker Christian Eriksen. For the record, Declan Rice is under contract at West Ham until 2024. Man Utd are keen to sign TWO stars, even if Ole is not at the wheel ☸️ https://t.co/mzOGyuCOBP — Goal News (@GoalNews) October 9, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Four managerial options for Everton if they sack Marco Silva. Christian Eriksen reportedly one of five players Spurs hope to sell in January & Dane reacts to old Real Madrid, Man United rumours. Source: Great Goals Solskjaer’s fitness comments Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took over at Manchester United, they have had a fair few injuries. Despite being just eight game weeks into the new season, Man United already have several players out with injuries. As per the Mirror, Jesse Lingard suffered a hamstring injury on Thursday… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" How the Glazers have reacted to Man United’s horror start Could Manchester United be sucked into this season’s Premier League relegation dogfight? That previously unthinkable situation is now a real fear for those at Old Trafford. After 8 matches this season, Man United are just two points clear of the… October 8, 2019 In "Sports" Solskjaer gets the job When Jose Mourinho left Manchester United in December of 2018 they were lingering in around 6th spot and not in great form. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was then brought in as interim boss to help steady the ship for the remainder of the 2018/19 campaign. However, after… September 24, 2019 In "Sports"