Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette has this evening opened up on his relationship with Matteo Guendouzi, before praising his talented young teammate for his ambition and work-rate. 20-year-old midfielder Guendouzi made the surprise move to the Emirates from Lorient in July of last year, for an undisclosed fee thought to have been in the region of £7 million. But, despite having been expected to feature predominantly for the Gunners at youth level due to his tender years, Guendouzi subsequently went on to establish himself as an integral member of Unai Emery’s first-team squad last season. All told, the Frenchman managed 48 appearances across all competitions in 2018/19. This included 23 Premier League starts. And the early months of the new campaign have seen Guendouzi go on to impress even further. The youngster has emerged as a real leader in the midfield ranks of Arsenal’s squad, with his stellar showings having even seen Guendouzi rewarded with the Gunners’ Player of the Month award for September. Matteo Guendouzi celebrates after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang latched onto Guendouzi’s pass to score their second goal to equalise 2-2 during the English Premier League football match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium in London on September 1, 2019. (Photo by Ben STANSALL / AFP) As such, speaking in an interview with the club’s official website this evening, another of Arsenal’s stars was questioned on Guendouzi’s progression, as well as the midfielder’s place in the north Londoners’ squad. The player to have opened up on Guendouzi was fellow countryman Alexandre Lacazette, with the hitman having revealed that the gifted starlet forms part of a tight-knit trio alongside himself and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang: ‘He is like the younger brother [in the friendship group with me and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang]!’ ‘We all really have a good relationship. We like to work and to laugh together so it’s really good.’ Lacazette then heaped praise on Guendouzi, revealing that the French U21 international has his sights set firmly on becoming one of the world’s best midfielders: ‘I’m really happy for Matteo [for being named September Player of the Month]. He played really well. He helped the team when we needed him. He is really improving each season so we are all really happy with his performances this month. ‘ ‘We can see that every top midfielder in the world is like this [in terms of demanding the ball and being brave]. They all want to take the ball.’ ‘Matteo has a good ambition. He wants to be one of the best players in his position. So every day he is trying to be the best and this month he showed that he can be.’ 20 finalists for 2019 Golden Boy award revealed: Phil Foden, Mason Mount plus Arsenal & Everton stars picked Unai Emery’s contract length clarified & Freddie Ljungberg’s long-term Arsenal ambition revealed by David Ornstein Source: Great Goals Guendouzi impresses for Arsenal Matteo Guendouzi joined Arsenal in the summer of 2018 from French side, FC Lorient. The Gunners are believed to have paid in the region of £7.2m for the midfielder’s services. The season before he signed for Arsenal Guendouzi was only playing Ligue 2 football with Lorient.… September 10, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal boss Unai Emery has this evening heaped praise on David Luiz and Matteo Guendouzi, on the back of his side’s victory over Bournemouth. Arsenal win again The Gunners welcomed Eddie Howe’s men to the Emirates earlier today, for the club’s latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed into the clash… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Arsenal 2-Tottenham 2 Arsenal hosted Tottenham this past Saturday in the first North London derby of the 2019/20 season. The Gunners found themselves 2-0 down heading into the break before Alexandre Lacazette pulled one back on the stroke of half time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang would then bring Arsenal level with honors… September 3, 2019 In "Sports"