 Hello mums! If you have a beautiful baby and you still have not entered for the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition, what are you waiting for? Register that lovely baby now as this is your last chance to do so! That’s right, this week marks the end of entries for the competition And because the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition is all about more rewards, the first 200 entries today and tomorrow will be getting surprise packages from Cussons Baby. So hurry now, and share those magic memories! To enter for the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition, follow the steps below: Click to watch The competition is only open to babies within the ages of 0 – 24 months and entries close on October 31, 2019. Remember, if you were unsuccessful with previous registrations, you can enter the competition again by simply re-registering. You also stand a better chance of getting shortlisted by uploading a different and better picture of your baby. To keep up with the competition, kindly follow @cussonsbabyng on Instagram and Twitter, and Facebook, or use the hashtags #CBM6 #SharingMagicMemories. —————————————————————————————————————————————– Sponsored Content The post Just 1 Day left for You to Register your Child in the Cussons Baby Moments 6 Competition appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija With 400 shortlisted entrants so far, the next three weeks will determine the remaining 600 babies who will progress to the next stage of the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition. Remember, you have the opportunity of entering the competition multiple times if your baby did not make the shortlist in… October 1, 2019 In "Entertainment" The entry period for the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition extended by two more weeks! Did you miss the chance to enter your baby for the Cussons Baby Moments 6 competition? Sad you didn’t get to stake your claim? Well, we have great news for you, the entry period for… October 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" We have our first 200 entries! One week down and 4 more to go in the Cussons Baby Moments competition season 6! If you didn’t make the cut, you can try again with a more creative photo for this week and again, until you make it! To enter the Cussons… September 25, 2019 In "Entertainment"