Tiwa Savage Nigerian Afrobeats star, Tiwa Savage, took to her Instagram page to post a video of OAPs of City FM who were insulting her and condemning her craft, unaware that they were being recorded. The 49-99 crooner captioned the post; Yooo look at the so called FEMALE gate keepers #OAP that are supposed to help fellow female artists and shout that female should support each other are seen here abusing female artists not knowing cameras were still rolling
And they wonder why I keep to myself 
To the ladies in this video hope you keep the same energy when you see me in person #2Seconds   Yooo look at the so called FEMALE gate keepers #OAP that are supposed to help fellow female artists and shout that female should support each other are seen here abusing female artists not knowing cameras were still rolling And they wonder why I keep to myself  To the ladies in this video hope you keep the same energy when you see me in person #2Seconds A post shared by  Tiwa Savage (@tiwasavage) on Oct 10, 2019 at 1:55pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js In the video, the three women seemed to be gossiping and Tiwa Savage was the topic of the gossip. For some reason, they seemed to be displeased with the singer. They called her derogatory names and said that she’s living off the glory of other acts as she doesn’t write her own songs. The same Tiwa Savage that literally started her career as a songwriter.  Tiwa Savage There has been no statement from City FM yet and from Tiwa‘s post, you can tell how displeased she was. Apparently, it’s not the first time that OAPs would be expressing how they truly feel about artists, only that it’s the first time any Nigerian OAP would be caught saying such vile things on camera. Many Nigerians, as expected, have reacted to the video and like every conversation on Twitter, people have taken different sides. Some people have censured the OAPs while others don’t see why they shouldn’t express their opinions freely. The office has cameras rolling 24/7. That video is from last year. Someone from their office, took it and gave it to Tiwa Savage’s camp. https://t.co/pxMs6l5xbv — Serious Bants  (@ExcelJoab) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tiwa Savage really leaked a video from over a year ago to prove that women always have to be agreeable to one another and that anything besides that means “women are their worst enemies.” — Ada Nwoke (@okemzuruoke) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Tiwa Savage has been dying to fuel the “women hate women” narrative after she made so much fuss about it months ago.
Tiwa Savage’s biggest supporters are women but let’s ignore that and focus on the 3 who called her a fool. — Tegs. (@Mariogaaa) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js OAPs should be professional enough to keep their personal opinions away from the studio. One of the 3 musketeers at City FM called Tiwa Savage a Fool, even added Yemi Alade too. These same people will be the hosts for “ women support programs “. Tragic — DREYLO (@RealDreylo) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Although I heard from a reliable source that there’s a backstory and that the video was from last year. The post Tiwa Savage Exposes City FM OAPs Who Insulted Her In A Leaked Video appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay