Spurs have this evening provided an update on the fitness of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, after the shot-stopper picked up a serious injury over the weekend. Mauricio Pochettino’s men travelled to the Amex Stadium on Saturday afternoon, for a Premier League meeting with Brighton. The north Londoners headed into proceedings in search of an immediate bounce-back performance, on the back of an abysmal couple of weeks for all associated with the club. After first being ousted from the League Cup by League Two outfit Colchester, Spurs were then thoroughly-embarrassed in the Champions League last Tuesday night, as Bayern Munich put 7 past the capital outfit at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium: Is this a job threatening result for Pochettino?@RioFerdy5: To be destroyed like this.. He’s going to have to look in the mirror and do something. A night that provokes soul searching at White Hart Lane. pic.twitter.com/b9XFl7dS6g — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The fortunes of the Londoners, though, only worsened at the Amex two days ago. The latest in a string of lacklustre showings saw Tottenham comprehensively punished, by 3 goals to nil. Neal Maupay and Man of the Match Aaron Connolly (2) bagged the goals for Brighton, as Graham Potter’s men picked up just their 2nd win of the Premier League season. An altogether miserable afternoon for Spurs on Saturday, meanwhile, was compounded by Hugo Lloris picking up a serious injury. With just 3 minutes on the clock, the World Cup winning shot-stopper attempted to catch a deep cross to the back post, only to spill the ball into the path of the waiting Neal Maupay, who went on to put Brighton 1-0 up. As Lloris connected with the ground, his arm bent gruesomely, in what, on initial viewing, looked certain to be diagnosed as at least one broken bone. Hugo Lloris goes down injured during the Premier League match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Tottenham Hotspur. (Photo by Bryn Lennon/Getty Images) This, surprisingly, though, has not proven to be the case. Spurs have this evening provided an update on the well-being of their no.1, with Lloris having actually escaped any broken bones. The 32-year-old has suffered ligament damage in his left arm, though, and is therefore not expected to return to training until at least the end of the year: ‘The findings have shown that although surgery will not be required, our Club Captain has suffered ligament damage and is not expected to return to training before the end of 2019.’ ‘Hugo is currently in a brace and will now undergo a period of rest and rehabilitation under the supervision of our medical staff at Hotspur Way.’ Hugo Lloris has undergone further assessment this morning after sustaining a dislocated elbow in our match against Brighton on Saturday. — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) October 7, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Three key talking points from Brighton’s win over Tottenham ‘We will bounce back’: Mauricio Pochettino on Tottenham’s 3-0 defeat to Brighton Source: Great Goals