Sergio Aguero has been in fine form for Manchester City once again this season. The now 31-year-old looks as deadly as ever in front of goal. In Man City’s opening eight Premier League games this season, Aguero has found the back of the net on eight occasions, as well as providing two assists. We are now in the midst of an international break, in which Aguero’s Argentina will take on Ecuador on Sunday. Ahead of the game, Argentina boss Lionel Sebastián Scaloni spoke about why both Lionel Messi and Aguero are not with Argentina for the Ecuador game, stating Aguero has been carrying a problem and not training 100 percent: “Messi is not here due to suspension. “Sergio Aguero is not here because he’s been carrying a problem and has not been training 100 per cent with his club. Surely both will be here next month.” As quoted by the Manchester Evening News.  LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 30: Sergio Aguero of Manchester City celebrates after scoring his team’s second goal during the Premier League match between Fulham FC and Manchester City at Craven Cottage on March 30, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images) Manchester City’s next clash sees them travel to Crystal Palace on October 19th. The Citizens will be no doubt hopeful Aguero is fit for said tie. Man City are currently eight points behind league leaders Liverpool and cannot afford to drop any more points. However, Palace will likely be a tough test. The Eagles would beat Man City 3-2 in the Premier League last season. And Roy Hodgson’s side have also had a fairly decent start to the 2019/20 campaign with Palace currently sat in 6th place.   #training #together #mancity A post shared by  Sergio Leonel Agüero (@10aguerosergiokun) on Oct 5, 2019 at 12:20pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Bulgaria vs England betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Czech Republic vs Northern Ireland betting tips: International friendly match preview and predictions  Source: Great Goals Argentina coach, Alejandro Sabella, has named Barcelona star, Lionel Messi in his squad for a friendly international against Nigeria next month. Aguero, Messi, and Di Maria Gonzalo Higuain and new Manchester City star, Sergio Aguero are also in the team. There is no place in the squad for City’s unsettled… October 22, 2017 In "News" Argentina's Sergio Aguero in action during an international friendly football match between Russia and Argentina at the Luzhniki stadium in Moscow on November 11, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / Kirill KUDRYAVTSEVArgentina striker Sergio Aguero, who collapsed in the dressing room at halftime before they lost 4-2 to fellow World Cup… November 15, 2017 In "News" Aguero in car collision Manchester City’s Sergio Aguero has once again been an integral member of the Sky Blue’s squad this season. The forward has found the back of the net eight times in eight Premier League outings this campaign. However, it has been reported that Aguero was involved in… October 16, 2019 In "Sports"