Kim Kardashian West definitely had a memorable experience with her children during their recent visit to Armenia. On Thursday, the 38-year-old Keeping Up with the Kardashians star took to her Instagram to share photos of herself and three of her kids, North, Saint, and Chicago inside the Etchmiadzin Cathedral in Vagharshapat, Armenia, standing in front of priests, alongside Kourtney and her kids. Kardashian West wore a long-sleeved, mermaid-style dress for the important occasion, while North sported a long white two-piece outfit and intricate beaded necklace. She captioned the photos: “Thank you Armenia for such a memorable trip,” Kim captioned the post. “So blessed to have been baptized along with my babies at Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin, Armenia’s main cathedral which is sometimes referred to as the Vatican of the Armenian Apostolic Church. This church was built in 303 AD.”   Photo Credit: @KimKardashian The post Kim Kardashian & Her Kids Baptised During Trip to Armenia appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija These photos of Kim Kardashian and her daughter North West are giving us major baby fever. The reality star shared the adorable snaps on her Instagram disclosing that they were a result of North’s artistic genius. Yep, the poses were directed by the 5-year-old who just might be taking after… December 18, 2018 In "News" Saint is pictured cuddling his baby sister, Chicago, and from the look of things, she is loving all the attention from her big brother. Kim Kardashian shared an adorable snap of her last two kids, Saint and Chicago West, and it is cuteness overload.The reality star took to her Instagram… May 22, 2018 In "News" Khloe Kardashian just shared the most adorable Christmas photo of her, her sisters and their entire kids. The photo features Kourtney and her kids Mason, Penelope and Reign; Kim and her kids North, Saint and Chicago; Khloe and her daughter True; Kylie and her daughter Stormi; and Rob’s daughter with… December 24, 2018 In "News"