Jose Mourinho was Manchester United manager from May of 2016 to December of 2018. During his stint in the Old Trafford dugout, Mourinho would win the Europa League, League Cup and Community Shield. While Mourinho’s tenure at Old Trafford certainly had its ups and downs, Scott McTominay remembers the former Chelsea boss fondly. It was Mourinho who handed the young Scotsman his senior Man United debut vs Arsenal in 2017. Now, when speaking about his former boss, McTominay stated Mourinho will always have a special place in his and his family’s heart: “I obviously don’t want to speak too much about previous managers but Jose’s very special to me. “He still keeps in contact with me now and keeps in touch with me after some games. “He’ll always have a special place in mine and my family’s heart because he was the one who brought you in, he was the one who trusted you, he’s the one who had belief in you. “I owe a tremendous amount of credit to him because if it wasn’t for him I might not be here.” As quoted by the Mirror.  GLASGOW, SCOTLAND – NOVEMBER 19: Scott McTominay looks on during a Scotland Training Session at Hampden Park on November 19, 2018 in Glasgow, Scotland. (Photo by Ian MacNicol/Getty Images) It would be Ole Gunnar Solskjaer who took over from Jose back in December of last year. Solskjaer’s reign at Old Trafford started pretty brightly as he guided United on a 12-game unbeaten run in the English top-flight. However, their form has been very different this season with Man United down in 12th spot after eight games. The Red Devil’s league position is likely to decline after this weekend as well because United must play host to Liverpool. Liverpool currently sit top of the Premier League with eight wins out of eight.   Keep pushing ⚽️ Thankyou to the fans who voted me Player Of The Month.. your support is incredible @scoutnationhd A post shared by  SM  (@scottmctominay) on Oct 4, 2019 at 7:16am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Daniel James accused of faking a concussion & Liverpool’s Mo Salah injury update before Man United The latest on Anthony Martial ahead of Man United’s clash with Liverpool Source: Great Goals Solskjaer & Man United Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was made Manchester United interim manager in December of 2018. The former United player had an excellent start to life in the Old Trafford dugout, going undefeated in his first 12 Premier League outings as Man United boss. However, shortly after Solskjaer was… September 30, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester United produced a stunning comeback against Newcastle United to dominate the Twitter trends. Twitter was in overdrive as Manchester United came back from two goals down to get all three points against Newcastle United with Alexis Sanchez scoring a late winner which keeps Jose Mourinho in his job.The 20… October 6, 2018 In "News" Former manager Louis Van Gaal has declared that he played a more tactically attacking football at Manchester United than the “far more boring football” the club is playing under current boss Jose Mourinho. The Red Devils slumped to 11 points behind runaway Premier League leaders Manchester City following their 2-1… December 12, 2017 In "Sports"