 Vector has just leaked a conversation on the internet in which MI is seen persuading him to call truce to their on-going beef. The Lafiaji rapper took to his Twitter page to post the screenshots of the conversation they had in 2015 and the one they just had few minutes ago. You all would recall in “The Viper,” MI alleged that Vector has been hating on him since he came into the music industry. Vector however tried to put that claim to sleep by releasing a screenshot of a message he sent to MI as far back as 2015 asking him to jump on the remix to his rap hit single; “King Kong.” MI however never sent a verse as he didn’t appear on the remix which had two different versions. Moving away from that to the second part of the screenshot, MI could be seen trying to play some some  sort of mind games with Vector as he still tries to convince him to leave his team and move to Chocolate City. He reveals he would still give him the 20 million as promised which Vector would spend at his own discretion. Vector however wasn’t impressed by this act as he reveals that’s how MI has always been hovering around his DM to be petty. In addition, after Vector’s claim that MI deleted some of his messages, the Chocolate City boss confirmed it as he says he didn’t expect someone above the age of 30 to be doing that. See post below: pic.twitter.com/UPu53lY3Sq — T.E.S.L.I.M (@VectorThaViper) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Of course I did.. didn’t know that we were leaking DM’s in our 30s .. would advice everyone messaging you to do same https://t.co/C1TJ1zmq6L — Yung denzL (@MI_Abaga) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post After Saying He Wont Respond…MI Abaga Runs To Vector’s Twitter DM To Beg For Peace – See Leaked Messages appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Vector Tha Viper is definitely not smiling as he has come out to show receipts of MI Abaga in his DM just hours after he released his response to MI’s The Viper. With the heat of his new track which has been occupying the timeline all through the day, MI… October 11, 2019 In "Music/Video" MI Abaga has just confirmed that he has been hiding from Vector all these while in regard to a beef track. MI said this in response to a Twitter user who accused him of always hiding from Vector anytime the “Lafiaji” artiste threw shots at him. The user also asked… September 20, 2019 In "Music/Video" Two Nigerian rap heavyweights M.I and Vector Tha Viper are engaged in a rap beef and the internet is agog with talk of the resurrection of the Nigerian rap scene. It’s Football Saturday but the number one trending topic in Nigerian Twitterverse is #TheViper, the title of M.I’s latest reply… October 5, 2019 In "Music/Video"