 Renowned Nigerian saxophonist, Yemi Sax has released a terrific 7th studio compilation project “Naija Summer Sax 19” and it’s blistering. Just as they say, the older the wine, the sweater it gets! With over 15years in the industry, Yemi Sax did not disappoint but rather he has continued to amaze with his astounding skills and tones. The new album “Naija Summer Sax 19” is a testimony to his assertiveness as one of the best Saxophonist to have come out of Africa. The album as it’s name connotes is a classic delivery of the best Afrobeats songs that rocked Nigeria and beyond this past summer. According to Yemi Sax,”the project is 100% centered on fans and their experiences! the fans and lovers of Afrobeats worldwide picked the songs on the album in its entirety“. Notable hits on the album include Yemi Sax remixes to Poko (Original by Kizz Daniel), Ayo (Original by Simi), Blow My Mind (Original by Davido & Chris Brown), and Power Rangers (Original by Teni). The album is available on Itunes, Apple Music, Spotify, Tidal and Amazon and every other digital music stores worldwide. Between, download below the timeless Yemi Sax version of Blow My Mind (Original by Davido Ft. Chris Brown) and while you could also stream the whole album on Apple Music via link below. Download Yemi Sax – Blow My Mind (Yemi Sax Remix) https://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Yemi-Sax-Blow-My-Mind-YemiSax-Remix.mp3 DOWNLOAD MP3 STREAM FULL ALBUM – “Naija Summer Sax 19“ Follow Yemi Sax on all social Media @yemisaxboss The post PREMIERE: Yemi Sax – “Blow My Mind” (Yemi Sax Remix) + “Naija Summer Sax19” Album (NOW OUT) appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Yemi Sax Unveiled New Album “NAIJA SUMMER SAX 19” + Download Blow My Mind (Yemi Sax Remix) Renowned Nigerian saxophonist, Yemi Sax has released a terrific 7th studio compilation project “Naija Summer Sax 19” and it’s blistering. Just as they say, the older the wine, the sweater it gets! With… October 7, 2019 In "Music/Video" There’s a lot of ongoing conversation about The Lion King: The Gift album which was curated and executive produced by Beyonce. The album contains 27 tracks (13 Lion King interludes) and one of its highlights is that it features top African musicians including Busiswa, Wizkid, Tiwa Savage, Moonchild Sanelly, Burna… July 21, 2019 In "Music/Video" Some days back, popular A&R Bizzle Osikoya tweeted a picture of top 100 Afrobeats artists with the highest monthly Spotify listeners. The picture immediately caught my attention. As at the time of the picture, Wizkid had nearly 7 million (6.9) unique monthly listeners, Burna Boy had about 5 million (4.7)… August 13, 2019 In "Music/Video"