Manchester City manager Phil Foden has moved to lavish fresh praise on Phil Foden, labelling the gifted youngster the only indispensable member of his squad. 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a rare combination of touch, vision, dribbling ability and eye for goal, attributes which come together to suggest that he could yet go on to become English football’s next great midfielder. However, despite his immense talent, the Three Lions youth international has found game-time hard to come by at senior level to this point in his career. After appearing 5 times off the bench in the Premier League in 2017/18, Foden added a further 13 appearances (3 starts) to his tally last season. It was when given the chance to impress as a starter in cup competitions, though, that the teen thrived. Across 8 appearances (6 starts) between the FA Cup and League Cup in 2018/19, Foden directly-contributed to a hugely-impressive 6 goals. Phil Foden celebrates after scoring during the Carabao Cup Semi-Final First-Leg between Manchester City and Burton Albion. (Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images) As such, it must no doubt come as a major source of frustration for Foden that the early weeks of the new campaign have seen him again struggle for time on the pitch. To this point in City’s underwhelming Premier League season, the midfielder has been afforded a paltry 10 minutes of game-time. If the latest comments of Pep Guardiola are anything to go by, though, then Foden needs to remain patient for just a little while longer. As per Goal, in the latest serialisation of a book called ‘Pep’s City: The Making of a Superteam’, The Sun report the Citizens boss to have labelled Foden as the one absolutely indispensable member of his squad: ‘We didn’t give Foden a new contract by accident.’ ‘He is the only player that can’t be sold under any circumstances — the only one. Not even for 500m euros.’ Crucially, Guardiola also added that Foden is set to replace David Silva in his midfield: ‘Phil’s going nowhere. Phil is City. We won’t be signing anyone else for that position.’ ‘When David Silva leaves, we know exactly who our new magician will be.’ Spanish veteran Silva is set to depart the Etihad next summer, upon the expiration of his contract. Man City star Rodri on why Liverpool are ‘the best team in Europe’ and learning when to commit tactical fouls Manchester City monitoring Dinamo Zagreb’s Marin – Sky Source: Great Goals