There were signs of a possible shocker when MI went on stage wearing a vest with the inscription “No Snakes.” You all would recall MI in his diss track (The Viper) response to Vector which dropped yesterday, he revealed Vector has been beefing him all because of his success. He reveals Vector is only hating him as a result of the jealousy he’s nurtured in his heart towards him. And he calls him a snake on the track too. This probably is one of the reasons why MI went on stage with the vest “No Snakes.” Another shocking thing about the beef MI took on… was the digital design on the stage which he performed. The rapper had the stage digitized with a design that had a snake moving around on it with him stepping on it through out his time on stage. If the metaphorical meaning of this MI’s act on stage would be deciphered, then it simply means one thing, that Vector is the snake (prey) and he is MI (the predator). Does the beef end there? We wait!!! The post MI Disses Vector On Stage At His Big Brother Grand Finale Performance, Calls Him A Snake appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive It appears that MI took his beef with Vector to the BBNaija 2019 house with after his performance seems to shade his fellow rapper. Deliberately performing Anoti, Undisputed Champion and Bad Belle and wearing a "No Snakes" shirt, it is clear to fans and doubting Thomases that the beef just… October 6, 2019 In "News" Two Nigerian rap heavyweights M.I and Vector Tha Viper are engaged in a rap beef and the internet is agog with talk of the resurrection of the Nigerian rap scene. It’s Football Saturday but the number one trending topic in Nigerian Twitterverse is #TheViper, the title of M.I’s latest reply… October 5, 2019 In "Music/Video" MI Abaga has just confirmed that he has been hiding from Vector all these while in regard to a beef track. MI said this in response to a Twitter user who accused him of always hiding from Vector anytime the “Lafiaji” artiste threw shots at him. The user also asked… September 20, 2019 In "Music/Video"