Newcastle will play host to Wolves on Sunday afternoon. The Magpies are in desperate need of a win after picking up just two victories in their opening nine league ties this season. Newcastle head into the weekend’s action down in 18th place in the Premier League. As for Wolves, they are up to 13th in the league and are unbeaten in their last four PL outings, winning two and drawing two. However, Nuno Santo’s side did play on Thursday evening so they may be slightly more fatigued than the North-East outfit. BRIGHTON, ENGLAND – OCTOBER 27: Nuno Espirito Santo, Manager of Wolverhampton Wanderers looks looks on prior to the Premier League match between Brighton & Hove Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers at American Express Community Stadium on October 27, 2018 in Brighton, United Kingdom. (Photo by Mike Hewitt/Getty Images) Heading into the tie, Steve Bruce held his pre-match press conference on Friday. During the press conference, Bruce handed Newcastle fans a bit of a blow as he confirmed both Andy Carroll and Fabian Schar will not be fit for Sunday. However, Bruce did state the duo’s injuries aren’t serious: “They’re not serious at all. Andy picked up a groin strain last Saturday, and Fab has a bit of a sore knee that he’s been playing with for a few weeks. They’ll not be fit for Sunday.” SB on Andy Carroll and Fabian Schär’s injuries: “They’re not serious at all. Andy picked up a groin strain last Saturday, and Fab has a bit of a sore knee that he’s been playing with for a few weeks. They’ll not be fit for Sunday.” #NUFC pic.twitter.com/UOxn70N75A — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) October 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js On a more positive note, Bruce revealed that Florian Lejeune and Matt Ritchie are both close to a return: “The good news is that Flo (Lejeune) is close to a return, and so is Matt Ritchie as well. He’s been bouncing around the training ground all week.” SB: “The good news is that Flo (Lejeune) is close to a return, and so is Matt Ritchie as well. He’s been bouncing around the training ground all week.” #NUFC pic.twitter.com/K64RqodxOI — Newcastle United FC (@NUFC) October 25, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Southampton vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Brighton vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Man City vs Wolves Manchester City played host to Wolves on Sunday afternoon. After Liverpool bagged an injury-time winner vs Leicester on Saturday Man City started the day eight points off top spot. As for Wolves, they began the day in 15th place with just seven points. However, they could… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Travelling supporters will be disappointed Wolves will play their Europa League clash with Slovan Bratislava behind closed doors after the Slovakian club were punished for racist chants from their fans. Wolves’ campaign has got off to an interesting start. Domestically, Nuno Espírito Santo’s side started the Premier League season poorly.… October 9, 2019 In "Sports" A big boost for Wolves Wolves are reportedly in advanced talks with midfielder Joao Moutinho over a new contract at Molineux, following his brilliant performances since joining. Moutinho joined Wolves after their promotion to the Premier League last year. After some time at Monaco, the Portuguese star joined up with… September 20, 2019 In "Sports"