Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has taken a big swipe at Arsenal’s Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang who left the German club last year. Aubameyang rose to prominence during his time in the Bundesliga. The Gabon striker scored an incredible 141 goals in 213 appearances during his time at Dortmund. Aubameyang then left the club to join Arsenal in 2018. Since joining the Gunners, Aubameyang has scored 49 goals in 73 appearances and has started the season impressively. Though, Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke still clearly has some bitter feelings towards him and his move to Arsenal last year. Arsenal’s Gabonese striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (CL) and Arsenal’s French midfielder Matteo Guendouzi (CR) celebrate after Aubameyang latched onto Guendouzi’s pass to score their second goal to equalise 2-2 during the English Premier League football match between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur at the Emirates Stadium in London on September 1, 2019. (Photo by Ben STANSALL / AFP) / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or ‘live’ services. Online in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No video emulation. Social media in-match use limited to 120 images. An additional 40 images may be used in extra time. No use in betting publications, games or single club/league/player publications. / (Photo credit should read BEN STANSALL/AFP/Getty Images) Speaking ahead of Dortmund’s win over Slavia Prague, Watzke took a swipe at Aubameyang by taunting him over the lack of Champions League football at Arsenal. The Gunners failed to qualify for Europe’s top competition, having to settle for the Europa League. Now, Watzke has claimed Aubameyang will be happy when he sees his bank account, but sad on Wednesday nights. ‘Of course, it is hard to keep a player in the face of such sums,’ Watzke explained to Suddeutsche Zeitung, as cited by the Mail. ‘Some go to clubs because of this money, where they have not played Champions League for years. ‘[Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang, who plays great at Arsenal, will probably be warm-hearted when he looks at his bank account, but on Wednesdays will be saddened when he has to watch the Champions League on television.‘ We came here to win but we drew we still have work to do and above all we stay positive that’s one point #coyg #aubameyang #A A post shared by  Aubameyang (@aubameyang97) on Sep 30, 2019 at 2:53pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js While Arsenal haven’t achieved all that much since Aubameyang joined, the forward could be set for a long-term stay. That’s after the striker spoke about his ambitions with the Gunners. Click here to see what he had to say about his plans with Arsenal over the next few years. Source: Great Goals