England will begin their international break on Friday evening in Prague vs the Czech Republic. Gareth Southgate’s side head into the tie having emerged victorious from their previous four Euro 2020 qualifiers. As a result, the Three Lions currently sit atop of Group A, three points above 2nd place Czech Republic who have amassed nine points from five outings. The last time these two sides met England earned an emphatic 5-0 win. LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 29: England manager Gareth Southgate is pictured during an England Squad Announcement and Press Conference at Wembley Stadium on August 29, 2019 in London, England. (Photo by Andrew Redington/Getty Images) Ahead of this evening’s clash, Sky Sports News have provided some early team news. Mason Mount made his England senior debut in September, coming off the bench vs Bulgaria. Mount’s 2019/20 campaign has continued to be impressive with the midfielder scoring four and assisting one for Chelsea in eight Premier League appearances. Now, as per Sky, Mount is poised to make his first start for England’s senior side vs the Czech Republic. Southgate has also recently been speaking about Mount, stating they have had him marked as a player since the first time they saw him: “We’ve had him marked as a player from the first time I saw him at St George’s Park. Chelsea would be the same on that, I think, but of course he’s now been able to have the opportunity to play in the Premier League and display that against top teams. I think you saw his penalty in the Super Cup, that was a nice cameo of what he’s about, really.” As quoted by the Telegraph.   A post shared by  England (@england) on Oct 9, 2019 at 9:01am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Czech Republic vs England betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Georgia vs Republic of Ireland betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview and predictions Czech Republic vs England live streaming: Watch the Euro 2020 qualifier match online, preview & prediction Source: Great Goals