Former Chelsea and Arsenal goalkeeper Petr Cech has signed for Surrey-based ice hockey club Guildford Pheonix following his retirement from football. Cech had an illustrious career in the Premier League and on the European stage, predominantly with Chelsea. The Czech Republic shot-stopper made 494 appearances for the Blues, racking up 228 clean sheets. Cech then left for Arsenal after the signing of Thibaut Courtois pushed him down the pecking order. Cech then made 139 appearances for the Gunners before retiring from football at the end of last season. Now, the former Premier League goalkeeper has changed sports. Petr Cech during the Premier League match between Swansea City and Arsenal at Liberty Stadium on January 30, 2018 in Swansea, Wales. As announced on Wednesday, Petr Cech has signed for Surrey-based ice hockey club Guildford Pheonix. Cech has been training with the club and eventually signed a deal this week. As expected, Cech will play as the netminder and could make his debut this weekend. ‘I am delighted to have the opportunity to play with the Pheonix to get the match experience,’ Cech explained in a statement on the Guildford Pheonix website. ‘I hope I can help this young team to achieve their goals for the season and try to win as many games as possible when I have the chance to play. ‘After 20 years of professional football this is going to be a wonderful experience for me to play the game I loved to watch and play as a kid.’ Cech is currently a technical and performance advisor at Chelsea, but there is no mention of him leaving his position at Stamford Bridge.   @flamesicehockey getting ready for the new @eliteicehockeyleague … the @daveart helmet is A post shared by  Petr Cech (@petrcech) on Aug 27, 2019 at 7:46am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js One player who is only just beginning his Chelsea career is Christian Pulisic. The American forward officially joined Chelsea over the summer but hasn’t played as much as you would expect. Now, he’s spoken out about his situation and price tag. Source: Great Goals Arsenal forward Danny Welbeck has left the club at the end of his contract along with veteran goalkeeper Petr Cech and experienced defender Stephan Lichtsteiner, according to Afp.com reports. Welbeck’s exit was expected after the England international’s injury-ravaged spell at the Emirates Stadium, while Czech ‘keeper Cech and Swiss international… June 7, 2019 In "News" Real Madrid goalkeeper, Thibaut Courtois has sent a tribute message to Petr Cech after the Arsenal goalkeeper announced he will retire at the end of the season. 36-year-old Cech decided to call time on his playing career having spent 15 years in the Premier League with Chelsea and Arsenal. Cech… January 15, 2019 In "News" Chelsea have appointed former goalkeeper Petr Cech as their new technical and performance advisor. The 37-year-old’s role will be to provide advice on all football and performance matters, as well as developing stronger links between the academy and first team. Cech will be based at Chelsea’s Cobham training ground and… June 21, 2019 In "Sports"