Sunday’s only Premier League game of the day sees Manchester United host Liverpool. The two sides headed into the tie in very contrasting form. Jurgen Klopp’s side would begin the weekend eight points clear at the top of the Premier League after winning their opening eight league ties this season. That gap would be reduced to five points on Saturday with Manchester City beating Crystal Palace 2-0. So, Liverpool will no doubt be keen to regain that eight-point advantage on Sunday. While Liverpool are flying high, Man United are currently 14th in the PL. But they could move up to 7th with a win over the Merseyside powerhouse. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – APRIL 21: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester United at Goodison Park on April 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Prior to the clash with United, Liverpool released their matchday squad an hour before kick-off. TEAM NEWS @ManUtd @Alissonbecker returns in goal #MUNLIV — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 20, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool would welcome back Alisson to the starting line-up for the first time since their opening league game of the season vs Norwich. But while Alisson returning is a boost for Liverpool, Mohamed Salah was omitted from the squad to take on Man United. Liverpool would explain that Salah missed out on Sunday as he is still recovering from an ankle injury he sustained before the international break: The forward was not named in the Liverpool squad for Sunday’s meeting with Manchester United as he continues to recover from the ankle injury he sustained before the international break. Jurgen Klopp would also speak about Salah before the clash. Klopp stated the winger could be back for Wednesday when Liverpool take on Genk in the Champions League: “Mo was not ready, that’s how it is. “He couldn’t train with the team; I don’t know where it came from that everybody said he will play. There was pretty much no chance for today, maybe for Wednesday, we have to see.” As quoted by Liverpool’s official website. See also: Sheffield United vs Arsenal betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester United vs Liverpool live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds Source: Great Goals Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United and Liverpool will go head-to-head this coming Sunday. The two sides head into the tie in very different form. Liverpool are currently sat top of the Premier League with a very commanding eight-point gap opened up between themselves and 2nd place Manchester City. Man… October 18, 2019 In "Sports" Man United struggling Manchester United’s last outing saw them beaten 1-0 by Newcastle last weekend in a rather flat performance. After that loss, it was revealed Man United are currently experiencing their worst start to a league season since the 1989/90 campaign. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just… October 13, 2019 In "Sports" Man United struggling Manchester United’s last outing saw them beaten 1-0 by Newcastle last weekend in a rather flat performance. After that loss, it was revealed Man United are currently experiencing their worst start to a league season since the 1989/90 campaign. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just… October 13, 2019 In "Sports"