The 20 finalists for the 2019 Golden Boy award have been confirmed on Tuesday. Juventus and Dutch defender Matthijs de Ligt won the award in 2018. The competition is run by Italian daily Tuttosport. This is the 17th edition of the Golden Boy award. #GoldenBoy, sono rimasti in 2️⃣0️⃣ | VOTAZIONI APERTE QUI ➡️ https://t.co/aPmwQ2i9TG pic.twitter.com/RsAd8ye3Gw — Tuttosport (@tuttosport) October 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js 1. Matthijs de Ligt (Juventus) 2. Alphonso Davies (Bayern Munich) 3. Gianluigi Donnarumma (Milan) 4. Ansu Fati (Barcelona) 5. Phil Foden (Manchester City) 6. Mattéo Guendouzi (Arsenal) 7. Erling Haland (Red Bull Salzburg) 8. Kai Havertz (Bayer Leverkusen) 9. Joao Félix (Atletico Madrid) 10. Dejan Joveljic (Eintracht Frankfurt) 11. Moise Kean (Everton) 12. Kang-in Lee (Valencia) 13. Andrij Lunin (Valladolid) 14. Danyell Malen (PSV) 15. Mason Mount (Chelsea) 16. Rodrygo (Real Madrid) 17. Jadon Sancho (Borussia Dortmund) 18. Ferran Torres (Valencia) 19. Vinicius Junior (Real Madrid) 20. Nicolò Zaniolo (Roma) Three English players are named in the finalists: Man City’s Phil Foden, Chelsea’s Mason Mount and BVB’s Jadon Sancho. While Foden and Mount have both claimed full England internationals, it feels unlikely that either player will scoop the main prize. But could Sancho win the prize? That perhaps is more conceivable. Arsenal’s Mattéo Guendouzi and Everton’s Moise Kean complete the Premier League based nominees. England’s three nominees are the most from any one country. Spain, Holland, Brazil and Italy all have two players each. Gianluigi Donnarumma and Andriy Lunin are the only two goalies in the list. Real Madrid and Valencia are the only two clubs to have two players in the group of finalists. Also see: Unai Emery’s contract length clarified & Freddie Ljungberg’s long-term Arsenal ambition revealed by David Ornstein. Daniel James accused of faking a concussion & Liverpool’s Mo Salah injury update before Man United. Source: Great Goals