Chelsea’s N’Golo Kante was forced to withdraw from the France team against Iceland after picking up an injury during the warm-up. Since joining from Leicester back in 2016, Kante has grown into one of the best midfielders in world football. The Frenchman is incredibly important for Chelsea but hasn’t had the greatest start to the season. Kante picked up an injury during pre-season, which has caused several issues. Despite making the season opener against Manchester United, Kante then needed to be rested again. Since then, the Frenchman has practically been featuring once every two games due to injury problems. However, he returned to full fitness recently and scored in the clashes with Liverpool and Southampton. Now, in another unfortunate twist, he could be set to miss even more games after suffering an injury during the international break. ISTANBUL, TURKEY – AUGUST 14: Andrew Robertson of Liverpool and Ngolo Kante of Chelsea during the UEFA Super Cup Final fixture between Liverpool and Chelsea at Vodafone Park on August 14, 2019 in Istanbul, Turkey. (Photo by Matthew Ashton – AMA/Getty Images) As confirmed by the France national team, Kante was forced to pull out of the starting eleven against Iceland. Kante had been chosen to start, but was replaced by Tottenham’s Moussa Sissoko before kick-off. It was then revealed that Kante had picked up a muscular injury during the warm-up. Moussa Sissoko makes an unexpected start tonight vs Iceland – N’Golo Kanté suffered from a muscle problem in the warm-up. — Get French Football News (@GFFN) October 11, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While details regarding the injury are scarce, it will be an unwelcome problem for Chelsea. The Blues already have several players out injured, including Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Antonio Rudiger and Emerson Palmieri. However, with no news yet on the seriousness of Kante’s injury, Chelsea and their fans will hope the Frenchman will be available for their clash with Newcastle next Saturday.   Good week #cfc A post shared by  N’Golo Kanté (@nglkante) on Oct 6, 2019 at 12:30pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js This is not the only injury problem a Chelsea player has had during the international break. That’s because Reece James was forced to leave England U21 camp this week due to injury. Though, there’s been an update on his fitness ahead of Newcastle. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Good and bad news for Chelsea Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has confirmed that N’Golo Kante will miss the clash with Wolves, but Antonio Rüdiger is fit to play. The Blues have had a mixed start to the season. Frank Lampard made his Premier League debut as Chelsea boss against Manchester… September 13, 2019 In "Sports" Big injury updates for Chelsea Chelsea boss Frank Lampard has given injury updates on both Mason Mount and N’Golo Kante ahead of their clash with Liverpool. The Blues will be looking to get revenge on Liverpool after their Super Cup defeat last month. Jurgen Klopp’s side won the game on… September 20, 2019 In "Sports" Frank Lampard says he is “hopeful” Chelsea midfielder N’Golo Kante will return to full fitness for the start of the new season. The Frenchman travelled back to London last week from the Blues’ pre-season trip to Japan in order to continue his rehabilitation for an injury connected to the knee… July 23, 2019 In "Sports"