As per a report from the reliable Fabrizio Romano of the Guardian, Massimiliano Allegri is keen on the post of Manchester United boss. 52-year-old Italian tactician Allegri spent the last 5 years in charge of Serie A powerhouse Juventus. Despite his initial appointment having been met with derision on the part of the Bianconeri faithful, Allegri subsequently went on to enjoy a hugely-successful stint at the helm in Turin. The former AC Milan boss’ tactical, pragmatic style saw him guide Juve to 4 consecutive domestic doubles between 2014 and 2018, with Allegri having added a 5th-straight Serie A crown last season. In addition, the Old Lady of Italian football reached a pair of Champions League finals under Allegri. TURIN, ITALY – DECEMBER 22: Head coaches Eusebuo Di Francesco (L) and Massimiliano Allegri of Juventus issues instructions during the Serie A match between Juventus and AS Roma on December 22, 2018 in Turin, Italy. (Photo by Tullio M. Puglia/Getty Images) However, a disappointing European campaign in 2018-19, which saw his side ousted by Ajax in the competition’s quarter-finals, coupled with an increasingly-negative style of football, saw pressure begin to mount on the Juve boss. As such, amid widespread speculation, it was confirmed that Allegri had been relieved of his duties back in May. And, as per the aforementioned report from Fabrizio Romano, Allegri is now eyeing a return to management. The Italian is said to be learning English, having been ‘sounded out’ by several Premier League clubs. Allegri, himself, though, reportedly has his sights set firmly on one English giant in particular. The outfit in question are Manchester United: ‘In particular, the 52-year-old is believed to have identified United as a potential employer, should United decide to part company with Solskjaer.’ Though the board at Old Trafford are not thought to be considering sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at present, despite their disappointing start to the season, Allegri ‘is expected to be on a two or three-man shortlist should they take action in the near future.’ Massimiliano Allegri learning English as he targets Manchester United job https://t.co/Rac5lQKZG3 By @FabrizioRomano and @ed_aarons — Guardian sport (@guardian_sport) October 1, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Martial & Wan-Bissaka: Man United early team news before AZ Alkmaar Keane on Man United’s Pogba vs Arsenal: ‘He was disappointing. So poor’ Source: Great Goals