Manchester United’s early-season injury troubles have today taken another turn for the worse. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men travelled to AZ Alkmaar a short time ago, for the club’s 2nd Europa League outing of the campaign. United headed into proceedings having bagged all 3 points in their first outing, in a 1-0 home victory over Astana. As such, with Alkmaar having been held to a draw in their group opener versus Partizan Belgrade, the Red Devils headed into proceedings with early control of the Group L table. When the 90 minutes were said and done this evening, though, United failed to make it 2 wins from 2. A drab affair at the AFAS Stadion eventually saw both sides forced to settle for a point. 10 – Manchester United have failed to win any of their last 10 away matches across all competitions (D4 L6) – they last went on a longer winless run on the road between February and September 1989 (run of 11). Worrying. pic.twitter.com/doznd0WEp9 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And, in a further negative for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men, they were also dealt a blow on the injury front at Alkmaar. After being introduced as a second-half substitute, Jesse Lingard limped off with just minutes remaining, with what appeared to be a problem with his hamstring. Jesse Lingard has pulled his hamstring. Signalling to the bench he can’t carry on. United ending the game with 10 men. — Rob Dawson (@RobDawsonESPN) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js And, in further concerning news for fans of the Red Devils, France boss Didier Deschamps has this evening spoken out over the latest fitness problem picked up by Paul Pogba. World Cup winner Pogba has been in and out of the United XI of late, having been struggling with a persistent ankle issue. And, on the back of suggestions that the 26-year-old reaggravated his injury during United’s stalemate with Arsenal on Monday night, Pogba was subsequently omitted from France’s latest squad, set to take on Iceland and Turkey over the next couple of weeks. This, in turn, led to Didier Deschamps suggesting earlier today that the gifted midfielder is set to be out of action for the next 3 weeks: ‘It’s a new worry with his ankle.’ ‘He played in the [Carabao] Cup, he played again on Monday against Arsenal. He again has a problem that’s going to keep him out of action for three weeks.’ ‘I’d prefer he was there like all the available players. But unfortunately he isn’t in a physical state to be present.’ Quotes via Goal Fears Harry Kane will lead Tottenham summer exodus as Man United & Chelsea have previously shown interest Chelsea starlets handed call-ups as Lingard & Walker miss out: Latest England squad announced Source: Great Goals