The front of Catalan newspaper Mundo Deportivo makes for eye catching viewing if you are a Tottenham fan today. Like many of the English newspapers, Mauricio Pochettino is front and centre but there are no discussions about the future of the Argentine in north London. Instead, Mundo Deportivo readers are told that Tottenham are very keen on signing Barcelona midfielder Carles Alena in January. Alena, whilst considered a huge talent, has struggled for game time in La Liga this season, playing just 46 minutes in Spain’s top flight. Pochettino in for Alena: Mundo Deportivo on Tuesday October 22, 2019 Mundo Deportivo have gone pretty big on the story linking Carles Alena to Tottenham. Somewhat predictably, we are told that Alena is seen as a replacement for Christian Eriksen, should the Dane leave the north London club in January. As is well known, Eriksen is out of contract at the end of the season and is likely to be linked with a move away from Spurs in the coming transfer window. Alena is struggling for playing time at Barcelona right now, failing to even make the matchday squad for Barcelona’s La Liga win on Saturday against Eibar.  LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 10: Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Aston Villa at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on August 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Tottenham Hotspur FC/Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty Images) Spurs were keen on signing Alena in the summer, according to Mundo Deportivo, and are expected to return with an offer before the next transfer window. Mauricio Pochettino is a huge fan of Carles Alena, according to the Catalan paper, and failed to convince the youngster to join Spurs in the summer. However, with a lack of playing time now evident and a raft of midfielders ahead of Alena in the Barcelona pecking order, a new challenge could well be in order for the 21-year-old in January. Alena is unlikely to get too much playing time at Barcelona in the coming weeks, with the likes of Ivan Rakitic struggling to get on the field.  AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS – MAY 08: Mauricio Pochettino head coach / manager of Tottenham Hotspur celebrates with his players and coaching staff at full time during the UEFA Champions League Semi Final second leg match between Ajax and Tottenham Hotspur at the Johan Cruyff Arena on May 8, 2019 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. (Photo by Matthew Ashton – AMA/Getty Images) In a supplementary article in Mundo Deportivo on Tuesday, it is laid out just how simple this deal could be for Spurs. Carles Alena is represented by Pochettino’s great friend from his time at Espanyol, Ivan de la Pena. Last season, Mauricio Pochettino was spotted watching Barcelona B play, alongside de la Pena. Accordingly, Mundo Deportivo speculate that Pochettino and Ivan de la Pena have already discussed how Carles Alena would fit into his system at Tottenham. Finally, we are told that Barcelona are not keen on selling Carles Alena. But, with three articles in Mundo Deportivo dedicated to this potential transfer to Tottenham today, it seems unlikely that this rumour will go anywhere for the foreseeable future. Related: Tottenham vs Crvena Zvezda betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions. Harry Kane opens up on Tottenham’s recent struggles: ‘The toughest time since I’ve been here’. Source: Great Goals