First lady, Aisha Buhari on Sunday said it was not her duty to confirm or deny the rumour that her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari was planning to get married to another wife. She told BBC Hausa that the responsibility to confirm or deny the rumour was that of those involved in the matter. Speaking in Hausa, she said: “He is the one they said is getting married not me so he is the one that should publicly deny it. She they said he’s getting married to, didn’t deny it initially, she waited until the wedding didn’t hold on the said date before she publicly denied it.” Aisha Buhari also called for urgent action against the menace of fake news. The social media was abuzz last weekend with news that President Buhari was to get married to one of his ministers. Listen: Ku saurari hirar Aisha Buhari kan batun auren mijinta.@AishaMBuhari pic.twitter.com/TKq9DeIs5J — BBC News Hausa (@bbchausa) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js The post Aisha Buhari Speaks on Rumours about President Buhari Marrying another Wife appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija Aisha Buhari is putting her love for country over her marriage to President Buhari. On Friday, January 19, 2018, Aisha Buhari threw some heavy subs at her husband, President Muhammadu Buhari. On both her Instagram and Facebook accounts, she shared clips of lawmakers calling out the President. Obviously, such a… January 20, 2018 In "News" As Nigerians await the return of President Muhammadu Buhari who has been in London for 88 days, Aisha, his wife, returned to the country in the early hours of Thursday. She left the country on July 2 to be with her husband who is receiving medical attention. She joined her… August 3, 2017 In "News" Aisha Buhari, President’s wife as the people’s advocate By Ochereome Nnanna Chairman, Editorial Board LURKING in the shadow of every Nigerian leader (President or Head of State) has been a wife who was officially addressed as First Lady or Wife of the President (or Head of State). Aisha Buhari Before… January 1, 2018 In "News"