Barcelona star Lionel Messi has revealed that some people at the club do not want to see Neymar return after joining Paris Saint-Germain in 2017. Neymar controversially left the Camp Nou when PSG stumped up the €222million needed to trigger his huge buy-out clause, making him the most expensive player in history. However, despite impressive performances on the pitch, it’s not exactly been what Neymar was probably hoping for. Despite scoring 55 goals and assisting 29 in just 63 appearances, Paris Saint-Germain have not even been close to a Champions League trophy. Potentially as a result of that, Neymar attempted to force through a return to Barcelona over the summer. However, a deal failed to materialise despite strong links. Now, Messi has revealed one of the factors that made a deal so difficult was some people at Barcelona don’t want Neymar back. Paris Saint-Germain’s supporters hold a banner reading “Neymar, buzz off!” prior to the French L1 football match between Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) and Nimes Olympique on August 11, 2019 at the Parc des Princes stadium in Paris. (Photo by FRANCK FIFE / AFP) (Photo credit should read FRANCK FIFE/AFP/Getty Images) According to Messi, it’s a complicated deal due to how Neymar left Barcelona. Though, the fact that some people don’t want to see him back is also a hurdle they couldn’t cross in the summer. “It is difficult to bring him back,” Messi told Metro 95.1 in Argentina, as cited by Goal. “Firstly, because it was difficult to see him leave, secondly because of how he left. “There are people from the club and the members who do not want him to return. “If it is for sports, Ney is one of the best in the world, but I understand all the other factors.”   Tá bom, mas não se irrite @gilcebola By CHAVES A post shared by  3n310ta neymarjr (@neymarjr) on Oct 18, 2019 at 6:41am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Messi’s comments were supposed to come in the lead-up to the El Clasico, but there’s been some big news this week. The Camp Nou clash between Barcelona and Real Madrid has now been postponed. However, other dates are being discussed. Click here to find out more. Source: Great Goals Neymar unable to get his wish Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has claimed Paris Saint-Germain’s Neymar did ‘everything he could’ to return to the Camp Nou over the summer. In possibly the biggest transfer saga of the summer, Neymar was heavily linked with a return to Barcelona. The Brazilian left the… September 4, 2019 In "Sports" Progress has all but halted regarding Neymar’s proposed return to Barcelona. Paris Saint-Germain are showing no indication of budging in their efforts to keep hold of the most expensive football ever. The Ligue 1 champions have so far resisted all advances for Neymar despite his reported intention to leave the… August 18, 2019 In "News" Barcelona vice-president Jordi Cardoner believes the acrimonious nature of Neymar’s departure could cost him the chance of a dream move back to Camp Nou. Paris Saint-Germain triggered the Brazilian superstar’s €222 release clause in the summer of 2017 to make him the world’s most expensive footballer. The deal was shrouded… June 27, 2019 In "News"