The Premier League have this afternoon confirmed that Manchester City’s 2nd goal during their win over Aston Villa earlier today has been reassigned to David Silva. Pep Guardiola’s English champions welcomed Villa to the Etihad a short time ago, for a Premier League clash. City headed into proceedings having put their pre-international break struggles firmly behind them over the last week. The Sky Blues first put Crystal Palace to the sword by 2 goals to nil last weekend, in their return to domestic action. And the Manchester powerhouse followed this up with a comprehensive victory in Europe during the week, when they downed Atalanta 5-1. As such, despite Aston Villa having carried a 2-match win streak of their own into today’s matchup, City were nevertheless viewed as overwhelming favourites to secure all 3 points. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done, this is precisely what the Citizens managed. After a frustrating opening 45 minutes for the hosts, a trio of second-half goals saw Pep Guardiola’s men coast to victory. Raheem Sterling opened the scoring at the Etihad, before Ilkay Gundogan made sure of all 3 points for City with a superb 3rd twenty minutes from time. The Sky Blues’ 2nd of the day, though, was the subject of widespread discussion. With 65 minutes on the clock, Kevin De Bruyne’s devilish low delivery from the left made its way through a host of bodies, before finding the back of Tom Heaton’s net. David Silva quickly claimed the finish for his own, after the Spaniard appeared to get a touch on the ball on its way through. A subsequent VAR check for offside, however, saw the goal stand, and awarded to De Bruyne. But, after further review on the part of the Goal Accreditation Panel this evening, it has been decided that Silva in fact did get a touch on City’s 2nd, meaning the goal has been awarded to the veteran, with De Bruyne notching the assist. After review, the Goal Accreditation Panel have awarded Man City’s second goal to David Silva The Goal Accreditation Panel is an independent entity which has no affiliation with VAR#MCIAVL https://t.co/rccQnXtrCI — Premier League (@premierleague) October 26, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Three key talking points from Man City’s win over Aston Villa Burnley vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Source: Great Goals