Chelsea youngster Callum Hudson-Odoi has today revealed the extent of his initial concern, after picking up the first serious injury of his career. English starlet Hudson-Odoi enjoyed a breakout season at Stamford Bridge in 2018/19. After initially struggling for game-time under new boss Maurizio Sarri, the explosive attacker’s showings in the Europa League and FA Cup soon proved too much to ignore for the Chelsea boss, amid mounting fan pressure for Hudson-Odoi to be handed a consistent run of appearances. This subsequently saw the 18-year-old work his way into a more steady role in Sarri’s plans, with the now-former Blues boss having confirmed towards the end of March that Hudson-Odoi was ready to start in ’75 to 80%’ of Chelsea’s fixtures: He adds that in the near future, Hudson-Odoi is likely to start in 75 to 80 per cent of the games. #CARCHE — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) March 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js As such, it came as a major blow to both the player and Chelsea’s expectant supporters when, less than a month later, Hudson-Odoi suffered a season-ending injury. After being handed his 4th Premier League start of the campaign during a clash with Burnley at Stamford Bridge, the English international was forced off shortly before half-time with a ruptured Achilles tendon. LONDON, ENGLAND – APRIL 22: Callum Hudson-Odoi of Chelsea is given treatment following an injury during the Premier League match between Chelsea FC and Burnley FC at Stamford Bridge on April 22, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images) Hudson-Odoi subsequently missed the opening weeks of the current campaign, but has since returned to Chelsea’s first-team picture in impressive fashion, with a goal and 3 assists in 4 appearances. The explosive teen, though, has this evening provided an insight into the initial concern that crossed his mind, after picking up the first long-term injury of his fledgling career. Speaking in an interview with Sky Sports News, Hudson-Odoi revealed that he was actually worried that he would never be able to take to the pitch again: ‘I wondered if I would be able to play again; that was my first thought. I knew I’d done something really serious so I was really concerned.’ ‘But my family kept me confident that I’d be back to how I was.’ ‘There were days when I would go into training and I would be sad or disappointed because I could see the boys outside training and you just want to be out there with them.’ ‘So I had the dark days but at the same time I had positive days as well.’ Chelsea’s Christian Pulisic not concerned with his £58m price tag Mason Mount lauds influence of Chelsea teammate Jorginho: ‘He’s had a massive effect on me’ Source: Great Goals