Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has this evening reserved some choice words for his side, on the back of their shock loss at the hands of Newcastle. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men visited St. James’ Park earlier today, for their latest Premier League outing. The Red Devils headed into proceedings in search of an immediate bounce-back result, on the back of just 1 win in their last 4 across all competitions. When all was said done on Tyneside, though, things went from bad to worse for United. The latest in a string of abysmal showings on the part of the Manchester giants eventually saw a solitary strike from debutant Matty Longstaff hand all 3 points to Newcastle. 17 – Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was appointed permanently on March 28th, Manchester United have won just 17 points in 16 @premierleague matches (W4 D5 L7), the fourth-worst tally among the 17 ever-present teams in that time. Wheel. pic.twitter.com/cbd1OYGNv6 — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js While Manchester United have flattered to deceive for much of the season to this point, many will no doubt argue that today’s was their worst performance of the campaign so far. The visitors looked toothless throughout proceedings, posing no real attacking threat, save for a missed Harry Maguire header late in the first-half. And one individual who is evidently dumbfounded by the struggles of the Red Devils this season is goalkeeper David De Gea. Spanish international De Gea, who only recently committed his future to the Old Trafford powerhouse, labelled United’s latest loss as ‘not acceptable’, before revealing that the rocky patch of form being endured by the club of late marks the ‘most difficult’ since his arrival 8 years ago: De Gea: “It is not acceptable, not just this game but the whole season. It is the most difficult time since I have been here. I don’t know what is happening. We cannot even score one goal in two games.” #mulive [bbc] — utdreport (@utdreport) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Why Benjamin Mendy missed Manchester City vs Wolves Only Watford have conceded more Premier League away goals than Chelsea in 2019 Source: Great Goals