Manchester United star Victor Lindelof has today opened up on his ambitions with the club, after being courted by Barcelona during the summer. Swedish central-defender Lindelof has been plying his trade with United since the summer of 2017, when he made the move to Manchester from Portuguese outfit Benfica for a fee with the potential to rise to 45 million Euro. However, to say that the stopper’s debut campaign in England proved underwhelming would be something of an understatement. Lindelof’s first 12 months on United’s books saw many quickly question what the Red Devils had seen in him in the first place. The 25-year-old looked shaky both in and out of possession, compounded by a seemingly-perpetual lack of confidence. However, in a testament to Lindelof’s character, the 31-time capped international has since bounced back to emerge as one of United’s key performers. He established himself as one of the first names on the team sheet of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last season, as was the case with predecessor Jose Mourinho over the opening half of the campaign. TURIN, ITALY – NOVEMBER 07: Victor Lindelof of Manchester United celebrates at the full time whistle after the UEFA Champions League Group H match between Juventus and Manchester United at Juventus Stadium on November 7, 2018 in Turin, Italy. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images) Linfelof’s increasingly-impressive displays throughout the 2018/19 campaign, meanwhile, subsequently resulted in one of European football’s heavyweights expressing an interest in his services over the summer. As confirmed by the Swede’s agent last month, Spanish champions Barcelona were extremely keen on Lindelof’s signature: ‘Victor Nilsson Lindelöf was perhaps Manchester United’s best player last season and with that comes interest from clubs who are better on the pitch right now. When Matthijs De Ligt chose Juventus, Victor became Barcelona’s first choice. His play style, his DNA is very close to the way Barcelona plays.’ ‘He’s one of the best centre-backs on his feet and Barcelona wanted him. That was it. I can talk openly about that now.’ The stopper himself, however, never considered an Old Trafford exit. When drawn on the interest of the Blaugrana during an interview with Swedish outlet Expressen earlier today, Lindelof assured that his goal remains to secure silverware in the colours of Manchester United: ‘There was a lot of writing about it. But for me, I have a contract with United and I am the loyal type.’ ‘For me it was never a question either. I wanted to stay in United and believe very much in what we have going on. And that is also why I signed a new contract. I love to represent United and to wear that shirt every day.’ ‘My goal when I came here was to win titles and do well for all supporters. But I haven’t won a title yet, so it’s my big goal to take home big titles with United.’ ‘If we get to the level we can do and everyone can do their best, we can win trophies.’ The latest on Anthony Martial ahead of Man United’s clash with Liverpool Max Allegri would want Patrice Evra as part of Man United backroom staff – Mail Source: Great Goals Lindelof rewarded for positive year Manchester United defender Victor Lindelof has signed a new five-year deal at Old Trafford, keeping him at the club until 2024. Despite being somewhat of a disappointing signing initially, Lindelof has thrived since Ole Gunnar Solskjær took over. In his first year at the club,… September 18, 2019 In "Sports" Victor Lindelof won’t talk to the Swedish media As confirmed by Swedish paper Aftonbladet on Thursday, Man United’s Victor Lindelof is refusing to speak with the Swedish media. Aside from Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Lindelof is the biggest football star in Sweden. Lindelof has refused to give any interviews with local press… September 5, 2019 In "Sports" Barcelona will make a move for Manchester United defender, Victor Lindelof, should their attempts to sign Matthijs De Ligt fall through, Mundo Deportivo reports. Lindelof has grown into one of United’s most trusted centre back after impressing last term, following a difficult first season at Old Trafford. However, the Swede… June 26, 2019 In "News"