Manchester United and Liverpool will go head-to-head this coming Sunday. The two sides head into the tie in very different form. Liverpool are currently sat top of the Premier League with a very commanding eight-point gap opened up between themselves and 2nd place Manchester City. Man United, on the other hand, are all the way down in 12th place and just two points above the relegation zone. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – APRIL 21: Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Everton FC and Manchester United at Goodison Park on April 21, 2019 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Jan Kruger/Getty Images) Liverpool are yet to lose a league game this season, winning their opening eight PL outings. While the Red Devils have won just one of their last five league clashes. However, despite the vast difference in the two side’s form, Liverpool full-back Andy Robertson is expecting Man United to be firing on Sunday. Robertson also stated that he doesn’t believe form matters in games like Man United vs Liverpool: “I have no doubt that they’ll produce a reaction after a poor performance against Newcastle. “I don’t think it matters what your form is like in these games. It doesn’t matter that we’ve won eight on the bounce and they’re struggling. It’s Man United v Liverpool. “They’ll be wanting to kick-start their season and for them, there would be no better time to do it than against us. “I’m absolutely sure that they will be firing.” As quoted by the Mirror.   #ThrowbackThursday… WHAT. A. FINISH! A memorable @rob9fowler goal at Old Trafford #LFC #LiverpoolFC #Liverpool A post shared by  Liverpool Football Club (@liverpoolfc) on Oct 17, 2019 at 4:46am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Crystal Palace vs Manchester City betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Wolves vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Watford betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Leicester vs Burnley betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United are in the midst of some very poor form. Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was appointed permanently on March 28th, Manchester United have won just 17 points in 16 Premier League outings. 17 – Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was appointed permanently on March 28th, Manchester… October 12, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Liverpool’s first game back after the latest international break sees them traveling to Manchester United. Jurgen Klopp’s side head into the weekend’s action top of the Premier League table. Liverpool have taken the maximum points available from their opening eight league outings of 2019/20. This has… October 15, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Liverpool head into the weekend’s Premier League action looking to build on their perfect start to the season. So far, Jurgen Klopp’s side have amassed the maximum points available to them from their opening eight PL outings. That has given the Reds an eight-point lead at… October 17, 2019 In "Sports"