 Vector Tha Viper is definitely not smiling as he has come out to show receipts of MI Abaga in his DM just hours after he released his response to MI’s The Viper. With the heat of his new track which has been occupying the timeline all through the day, MI seems to have moved to Vector’s DM to try to resolve this amicably… abi this is another “father and son” approach? Anyway, Vector is not ready to have a private conversation and prefers to fight the battle hard and square in public in the face of fans on Twitter hence the release of the content of his DM where MI Abaga was trying to talk nice and act like he’s Vector’s music instructor. Releasing these screenshots, Vector revealed that MI’s manager had approached to try and resolve, an action which contradicts Mi’s act. He said; You for no do am like this … Lol.. you making this too easy.. walking into set traps bro Track was a little better I go de help you mix in the future Good effort. This message was sent on the 11th of October by 7:01 PM. Vector also released the content of their chat in 2015 where he asked MI to come on board for King Kong which MI agreed to in the message released but for reasons that were not made public, we never saw MI on the KingKong record. Posting the content of the DM, Vector said;   The post Vector Shows Receipts Of MI Abaga In His DM After JudasTheRat appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Apparently, MI Abaga is not done with his Diss with Vector even though his last record in a letter seemed like he was trying to act like the bigger man and stop the diss. The rapper who recently performed at the Big Brother Naija grand finale’s stage was seen wearing… October 6, 2019 In "Music/Video" Vector has revealed he would address MI’s diss track to him very soon. The beef between the two Nigerian rap stars has attracted a lot of serious attention from all over the industry. MI Abaga after finally listening to his fans pleas to have him respond to Vector’s diss dropped… October 8, 2019 In "Music/Video" Vector has declared MI Abaga isn’t his friend as he rejected a commendation from the former Chocolate City boss. You all remember Vector dropped a diss track along with Payper and Vader over two weeks ago to diss MI Abaga who had already thrown jibes at him in a previous… October 4, 2019 In "Music/Video"