With the news that Jose Mourinho is keen to return to the Premier League for his next job, we have picked three clubs he could join. Mourinho was sacked from his last job with Manchester United after a very poor half-season. The manager’s defensive style of football was heavily criticised, results were not there and a feud with Paul Pogba didn’t help things. Following a 3-1 defeat to Liverpool back in December last year, Manchester United decided to sack him. Since then, Mourinho has seemingly been biding his time. Many jobs have been linked but according to Sky Sports, Mourinho is keen on a return to the Premier League. As a result, we’ve looked at three English clubs Mourinho could join. LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 16: Jose Mourinho, Manager of Manchester United looks on during the Premier League match between Liverpool FC and Manchester United at Anfield on December 16, 2018 in Liverpool, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) The Gunners are the latest club to be linked with Mourinho. It was reported on Wednesday that the Portuguese boss would be open to joining Arsenal if Unai Emery was sacked. Emery is currently under intense pressure after a run of poor results, including the draw with Crystal Palace at the weekend. The big caveat with this move is clearly the conflict of footballing philosophies. Arsenal managers are somewhat expected to bring a certain style of football, which was encouraged and maintained during Arsene Wenger’s tenure. Unai Emery has attempted to recreate that and while it hasn’t worked too well, the style has somewhat been there. If Jose Mourinho was brought in, he would no doubt try and recreate his successful methods from previous clubs. That style has previously consisted of a defensively solid setup, with the ability to counter at pace and with precision. That may not sit too well with Arsenal fans, who would expect their side to dominate games in terms of possession and chances. Though, given Arsenal have somewhat stalled in recent years in terms of trophy success, Mourinho could appeal in that area.   Beast mode ⁣⁣⁣ ⁣ ⁣⁣@juliobaptistaoficial x @jjaliadiere ⁣⁣⁣ ⁣ #arsenal #baptista #anfield ⁣⁣⁣ #gunners #afc #gunners A post shared by  Arsenal Official (@arsenal) on Oct 30, 2019 at 8:08am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js That is also a trait that would appeal to Tottenham’s fans. Mourinho has a proven track record of winning trophies wherever he’s been. Unfortunately for Mauricio Pochettino, that hasn’t been the case for him. The Argentine boss has been brilliant for Spurs and has truly transformed them. However, his failure to win a trophy in his tenure and his poor start to this season has had many questioning whether he’s still the right man for the job. Again, Mourinho’s style of football wouldn’t exactly enlighten Spurs fans, but his knowledge of winning trophies could see him become a successful manager in north London.   Another trip to Merseyside this weekend. It’s Everton next. #COYS #THFC A post shared by  Tottenham Hotspur (@spursofficial) on Oct 30, 2019 at 4:59am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Everton are no doubt the outsiders in this conversation, but due to a lack of better options, could appeal to Mourinho. All of Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester United are off the table, meaning that other than Arsenal and Spurs, Everton are the only team potentially in need of a manager and with funds to compete. Marco Silva is on thin ice after a poor start to the season and will likely be sacked during this season or at the end of it. During Farhad Moshiri’s tenure, the Toffees have spent an awful lot of money and have backed their managers well. That would give Mourinho the funds needed to get Everton challenging for trophies and the top four again. While Everton fans would not exactly be thrilled about his style of football, having not won a trophy since 1995, they would no doubt be excited by the prospect. While Everton are certainly the outsiders here, a club that would give Mourinho the time, funds and platform to create a dynasty similar to the one he shaped at Porto, could appeal.   First #EFC MOTM! @masonholgate #everton #efc #blues #toffees #holgate #masonholgate #goal #coyb #nsno #goodisonpark #watford #evewat #carabaocup A post shared by  Everton (@everton) on Oct 30, 2019 at 1:37am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Jose Mourinho would be interested in Arsenal job, if it became available – ESPN Jose Mourinho wants Premier League return – Sky Sports Source: Great Goals Mourinho has made his decision Former Manchester United and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is keen to return to the Premier League for his next job according to reports. Mourinho’s last job came with Man United but it didn’t exactly go to plan in his final season. Despite winning the Europa… October 30, 2019 In "Sports" Jose Mourinho, currently out of a job, has today opened up on the necessary ambitions of any outfit whom may hope to coax him back into management. Mourinho’s recent struggles Portuguese tactician Mourinho was relieved of his duties at Premier League giants Manchester United last December, following a dismal start… September 19, 2019 In "Sports" Which Premier League club could Mourinho join? Former Manchester United and Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is reportedly waiting for a Premier League job after rejecting the chance to take over at Lyon. Mourinho has been out of the job since being sacked by United at the back end of 2018.… October 9, 2019 In "Sports"