Myles – Yes (prod. Young Jonn) Ever since MYLES released his debut single “TETE”, the song has been on the rise, the single has gained massive airplays and surpassed the 500,000 streams mark across all platforms, making him one of the most-talked about promising acts. He makes a return with a new single titled “YES” a song carefully curated, produced and delivered to meet the standards of our listeners. On this song produced by YoungJonn, MYLES sings his heart out to the lady of his dreams as he promises her the world, just to make sure she is his for life. The Tinny Entertainment signed artiste, proves his versatility, lyrical dexterity, vocal prowess and ability to deliver different sounds with “YES”; a calm, soothing song for lovers. Which is a shift away from TETE his debut single which is an up-tempo song made with the aim to make everybody “gbe body” YES, is a song that speaks to the heart and will be thoroughly enjoyed by everyone who’s had the opportunity to fall in love or are in love. Listen, share and enjoy. The post Myles – Yes (prod. Young Jonn) appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay Myles – Tete Overview of Myles Tete Tinny Entertainment boss, Timilehin Arokodare announced the signing of a new upcoming act, Myles to his award winning record label. He made this known via messages on his and the label’s social media pages earlier on Friday, 28th June, 2018. Tinny Entertainment is… June 29, 2019 In "Music/Video" Tinny Entertainment boss, Timilehin Arokodareannounced the signing of a new upcoming act, Mylesto his award winning record label. He made this known via messages on his and the label’s social media pages earlier on Friday, 28th June, 2018. Tinny Entertainment is proud to present her latest signee, Myles. Myles is an incredibly gifted artist… June 30, 2019 In "Music/Video" VIDEO: Martinsfeelz – Show Me Martinsfeelz has just released the visuals to his buzzing new single “Show Me”. The young singer has made giant strides since his debut single “Ju Dice” under SOP Records label owned by Funke Akindele and her husband JJC Skillz. Show me is well regarded as… July 3, 2019 In "Music/Video"