Tammy Abraham had featured just three times for Chelsea’s senior team before this season. However, with Frank Lampard now at the helm and Chelsea not currently able to sign new players, Abraham has finally been given his chance in a blue shirt. The young striker impressed on loan with Aston Villa last season, netting 26 in 40 appearances. And that form looks to have continued into the Premier League with Chelsea. In seven PL outings this campaign, Abraham has found the back of the net on seven occasions. DUBLIN, IRELAND – JULY 10: Frank Lampard, Manager of Chelsea arrives at the stadium prior to the Pre-Season Friendly match between Bohemians FC and Chelsea FC at Dalymount Park on July 10, 2019 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Charles McQuillan/Getty Images) With Abraham performing so well, most England fans will probably be hoping that he chooses to play for the Three Lions if he gets the chance. However, Abraham is still eligible to play for Nigeria through his father, according to the Telegraph. And when speaking about playing for Nigeria, Abraham stated earlier this season, ‘you can never say never’: “Yes, I have heard the talk. I have not really been focused on that yet. “I think when the time comes, the times comes. It is about focusing on Chelsea and hopefully scoring goals and getting victories. “We never know. You can never say never, whatever comes first really. I just have to keep full focus on Chelsea.” As quoted by Goal. But luckily for England, Abraham’s international commitments could be sorted this month. The Telegraph claims Abraham is ready to accept an England call-up if Gareth Southgate picks him in his latest squad for the Euro 2020 qualifiers against Czech Republic and Bulgaria. The report from the Telegraph also claims Southgate will name his squad on Thursday. As the Telegraph has also previously explained, if Abraham plays any sort of minutes in England’s two upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers, he would be committed to them for the rest of his career: If he played in either of those October qualifiers, either as a starter or a substitute, Abraham would be committed to England for the rest of his career. 3 points  thank you home fans  @chelseafc #CFC A post shared by  Tammy Abraham (@tammyabraham1) on Sep 28, 2019 at 11:11am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Manchester City vs Dinamo Zagreb betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Tottenham vs Bayern Munich betting tips: Champions League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals