HealthPlus Limited, Nigeria’s first integrative pharmacy, is the fastest-growing pharmacy chain in West Africa. We are committed to our mission of helping people achieve optimum health and vitality, while delivering superior value to stakeholders. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Guinness Nigeria Plc is a major market for Diageo: Guinness Nigeria operates in the unique and fast growing alcohol industry of over 15mhl beer potential. It is the only company that does Total Beverage Alcohol (TBA) in Nigeria. It’s an on trade dominated market but with a fast growing off trade channel. Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply  Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply The post Present Your CV Now : HealthPlus Limited, Guinness Nigeria Plc & Exzie Business Solutions (November, 2019 Recommended Jobs) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ (A). Sylken Limited Sylken Limited – We are a leading Nigerian pharmaceutical company with a world-class pharmaceutical laboratory in the United States of America that produces a wide range of nutraceutical products consumed by millions of Nigerians Nationwide. 1. Accounting Officer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2. Optometrist Click… October 19, 2019 In "Gists" (A). Leadway Assurance Company Limited Leadway Assurance Company Limited is one of Nigeria’s foremost insurance companies, with a reputation for service efficiency and customers reliability. We provide efficient financial solutions leveraging on our unique capabilities and skills to bring Insurance as a risk management tool to our clients. 1. Marketer  … July 4, 2019 In "Jobs" (A). Carlcare Development Nigeria Limited Carlcare Development Nigeria Limited, a subsidiary of Transsion Holdings formerly known as TECNO Telecom Limited, established in July 2006, is a high-tech company specializing in the R&D, production, sale and service of mobile communication products. 1. Photographer Click Here to Read Job Details & Apply 2.… October 23, 2019 In "Gists"