United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) works in some of the world’s toughest places, to reach the world’s most disadvantaged children. To save their lives. To defend their rights. To help them fulfil their potential. Across 190 countries and territories, we work for every child, everywhere, every day, to build a better world for everyone. We are recruiting to fill the vacant position below: Job Title: Web Database Developer Job Number: 527500
Location: Nigeria
Work Type: Consultancy Rationale
After nine years of hostilities between Nigerian security forces and non-state armed groups, the humanitarian crisis in north-east Nigeria continues. Civilians bear the brunt of a conflict that has resulted in widespread displacement, lack of protection, destroyed infrastructure and collapsed basic services. Indeed, an estimated 7.1 million people (2.3 million girls, 1.9 million boys, 1.6 million women and 1.3 million men) in the three most affected states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe now depend on humanitarian assistance for their survival. More specifically, the 2019 Humanitarian Needs Overview estimates that the protection and well-being of 2.7 million children and adolescents (1.5 million girls and 1.2 million boys) in the north-east remain at risk – mainly due to the complex and protracted conflict, with higher vulnerabilities anticipated in inaccessible areas. Community resilience to protect children has been weakened, resulting in negative coping mechanisms. Both Boko Haram and CJTF (hereinafter referred to as non-state armed group) have been listed by the Secretary General under Security Council Resolution 1612 as recruiting and using children in combat and support roles. Boko Haram has also been listed for abduction. The Office of the National Security Advisor’s 2015 estimate of 8,000 child combatants has not been borne out by the numbers of children rescued or recovered. Still, on 15 September 2017, the Country Task Force on Monitoring and Reporting identified six grave violations committed against children (CTFMR) and CJTF signed an Action Plan to end the use and recruitment of children. This CJTF pledge includes not only identifying and releasing all children to UNICEF but also instructing its members to cease all use and recruitment of children. The data gathering need is huge to support community-based reintegration for children associated with the Civilian Joint Task Force in target communities in North-East Nigeria and strengthen their understanding of the socio-economic reintegration needs of children and their positive role in communities as agents of peace. Data collection through the number of questions to be filled out for every single child along with the need to perform different analyses will make it practically too cumbersome and exhausting if done without a proper data management system. A proper data management software system is therefore needed to handle aspects related to data entry, representation, and analyses so that useful conclusions could be drawn for proper. At the same time, the choice of system needs to ensure data integrity, validation and allow efficient working in a team-based environment with proper user privileges. Purpose
UNICEF Child Protection section is looking for a reputable consultant to develop an interactive web-based database (user-friendly version) along with the interactive dashboard which will be used for the data collection and tacking of children’s who were formerly associated with an armed group, detained and released from an administrative custody and track the progress of their reintegration into communities. Major considerations should include as follows: Key Assignments/Tasks Requirements
Work Experience: Competencies: Language Proficiency: For every Child, you demonstrate: The competencies required for this post are: Working Conditions: Application Closing Date
6th November, 2019; 23:55:00 GMT+0100 (West Africa Standard Time). The post Web Database Developer at the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) works in some of the world’s toughest places, to reach the world’s most disadvantaged children. To save their lives. To defend their rights. To help them fulfil their potential. Across 190 countries and territories, we work for every child, everywhere, every day, to… July 18, 2019 In "Jobs" United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) works in some of the world’s toughest places, to reach the world’s most disadvantaged children. To save their lives. To defend their rights. To help them fulfil their potential. Across 190 countries and territories, we work for every child, everywhere, every day, to… July 4, 2019 In "Jobs" United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) works in some of the world’s toughest places, to reach the world’s most disadvantaged children. To save their lives. To defend their rights. To help them fulfil their potential. Across 190 countries and territories, we work for every child, everywhere, every day, to… July 22, 2019 In "Jobs"