The singer took to his Instagram page to express his love for his dad and let the public know how much of an influence he was in his music career before leaving the earth. Victor AD also shares what was reported to be the last words of his late dad as he griefs on the internet. He wrote; “Dad you left without saying goodbye. Mum told me the last word you said was JESUS! you’re the best Father in the world , you did everything proper to give us a better life. I won’t trade that for anything in this world. Most of my songs were inspired by you. I love you Dad! May your soul Rest In Peace. Heaven’s got a place for you.”   ?? Dad you left without saying goodbye. Mum told me the last word you said was JESUS! ? you’re the best Father in the world , you did everything proper to give us a better life. I won’t trade that for anything in this world. Most of my songs were inspired by you. I love you Dad! ?? may your soul Rest In Peace.? heaven’s got a place for you ???? A post shared by  Victor AD REDEYE (@victoradere) on Oct 26, 2019 at 8:14am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Victor AD Pays Emotional Tribute To Dad After His Recent Demise appeared first on tooXclusive. Source: Too Xclusive Nigerian singer, Olabodorde Ojo Daniel fondly Known as Danny S has wished his father a happy birthday with a heartwarming message. The “Waka Jeje” singer took to his Instagram page to wish his father a happy birthday revealing that his father is his greatest supporter who believed in him before anyone… October 9, 2019 In "Music/Video" Chris Attoh is once again grieving as the Ghanaian actor announced the passing of his father on his Instagram page. The actor thanked his father for the memories and everything he had impacted in him and prays he rests in peace. He wrote: “Fred Attoh 1927 – 2019 : My… October 21, 2019 In "Entertainment" Big Brother Naija Pepper Dem housemate, Joe Abdallah has announced the death of his dad Alfred Abdallah.  The reality TV star made this known via his Instagram page on Thursday, October 3, 2019. In a very emotional tribute, he described his dad as a very happy man and always full… October 4, 2019 In "Entertainment"