19-year-old Phil Foden is a product of Manchester City’s youth system. The promising midfielder has made 40 appearances for Manchester City’s senior side during his tenure at the club, scoring eight and assisting three. However, Foden is struggling to hold down any regular first-team football with the English champions. Foden has made just four appearances for City in 2019/20. Only one of those games came as a starter and that was in the League Cup vs Preston. In terms of Premier League action this term, the England under-21 star has managed just 10 minutes of league football this season. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – NOVEMBER 01: Phil Foden of Manchester City crosses the ball during the Carabao Cup Fourth Round match between Manchester City and Fulham at Etihad Stadium on November 1, 2018 in Manchester, England. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) However, while Foden has been struggling for minutes recently, Manchester City’s Mikel Arteta has been full of praise for the midfielder. Arteta would claim Foden’s potential is limitless. The Man City coach also stated City have a manager who trusts young players and Foden will get opportunities: “His potential is limitless. “He is going to set his own limits. “The most important thing is that, as a club and around the team, we have created a really healthy, inspiring and challenging environment. That’s exactly what he needs. “The door is open. We have a manager who trusts in young players and he’s going to get opportunities. “With that type of environment, to grow and to always be going in the right direction is the most important thing. “I think he’ll be very successful.” As quoted by Manchester City’s official website. The midfielder has also recently been nominated for the 2019 Golden Boy Award. @PhilFoden Phil has been shortlisted for the 2019 Golden Boy Award! #ManCity pic.twitter.com/KbKxm3uwna — Manchester City (@ManCity) October 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Man City’s Sergio Aguero unhurt following car collision on Wednesday – Sky Man City’s Kevin De Bruyne & John Stones injury news before Crystal Palace Source: Great Goals Manchester City manager Phil Foden has moved to lavish fresh praise on Phil Foden, labelling the gifted youngster the only indispensable member of his squad. City prodigy 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a rare combination of touch,… October 10, 2019 In "Sports" Preston 0-Man City 3 Manchester City began their 2019/20 League Cup campaign on Tuesday. City are the current holders after beating Chelsea in last season’s final. Man City also won the LC in 2018 and are now looking to retain it for a third successive time. City’s defense began away… September 25, 2019 In "Sports" Stuart Pearce has today revealed his opinion that Manchester City youngster Phil Foden would benefit from a temporary spell away from the club following the turn of the year. City prodigy 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a… October 12, 2019 In "Sports"