Tottenham’s 2019/20 campaign has got off to a rather dismal start. Spurs have already been knocked out of the League Cup by Colchester. The North London outfit were also handed a 7-2 drubbing by Bayern Munich in the Champions League earlier this month. And to compound Spurs’ awful start to the season, their last outing saw them comprehensively beaten 3-0 at the Amex vs Brighton. Spurs are also down in 9th place in the Premier League, losing three of their eight outings so far in 2019/20. BURNLEY, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 23: Mauricio Pochettino, Manager of Tottenham Hotspur looks on during the Premier League match between Burnley FC and Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor on February 23, 2019 in Burnley, United Kingdom. (Photo by Clive Brunskill/Getty Images) After such a bleak start to the campaign, Spurs fans may have been hoping that their side will bring in some reinforcements this January. However, it doesn’t sound as though Spurs fans should get their hopes up. Tottenham are set to face off with Watford on Saturday the 19th of October. Pochettino would hold his pre-match press conference for said game on Thursday. During Thursday’s press conference, Pochettino was asked if Spurs will sign players in January, to which the Argentine responded: “I don’t believe so. I believe in the players that we have at Tottenham today. If it’s my decision I will stick with my players. They have the quality. We have great quality to fight for the things we expect to fight.” Pochettino was asked if Spurs will sign players in January: “I don’t believe so. I believe in the players that we have at Tottenham today. If it’s my decision I will stick with my players. They have the quality. We have great quality to fight for the things we expect to fight.” — Alasdair Gold (@AlasdairGold) October 17, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js See also: Tottenham’s Heung-min Son & Christian Eriksen may miss Watford Alexandre Lacazette & Reiss Nelson: Arsenal injury news before Sheffield United Source: Great Goals Tottenham vs Southampton Tottenham are set to place host to Southampton this coming Saturday. Spurs head into the tie 7th in the Premier League table after winning two, drawing two and losing two in the league this campaign. Spurs’ last Premier League outing saw them lose 2-1 away to Leicester… September 26, 2019 In "Sports" Brighton vs Tottenham Tottenham are set to travel to Brighton in Saturday’s early Premier League kick-off. Spurs head into the game on the back of a 7-2 drubbing at the hands of Bayern Munich in the Champions League earlier this week. So, Mauricio Pochettino’s side should be looking to bounce… October 4, 2019 In "Sports" Tottenham struggling Mauricio Pochettino reached perhaps his highest moment as Tottenham boss last season. Despite the rocky start to the group stage, Spurs made it all the way to the 2019 Champions League final. An incredible achievement given, at the time, the club had not signed a single first-team player… October 7, 2019 In "Sports"