 Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle gets candid about pregnancy, motherhood and marriage and having to deal with negative press. The duchess opened up in the documentary Harry & Meghan: An African Journey, airing this Sunday on ITV at 9pm local time. “Look, any woman, especially when they’re pregnant, you’re really vulnerable. And so that was made really challenging, and then, when you have a newborn, you know?” she explained. “Especially as a woman it’s really — it’s a lot. So you add this on top of just trying to be a new mom or just trying to be a newlywed. And also thank you for asking, because not many people will have asked if I’m OK, but it’s a very real thing to be going through behind the scenes.” she added. When asked if it’s fair to say she’s “not really okay,” and whether it’s been a “struggle” to adjust to life in the public eye as a royal, Meghan simply said “yes.” Watch the video below:   during pregnancy ❤ . Video: @itvnews A post shared by  BellaNaija (@bellanaijaonline) on Oct 18, 2019 at 6:37am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js The post Meghan Markle gets Candid about Negative Press, Pregnancy & Motherhood: “Not many people have asked if I’m okay” | WATCH appeared first on BellaNaija – Showcasing Africa to the world. Read today!. Source: Bella Naija (Editorial Observer) We went to church on Saturday, all of us, and caught the Meghan and Harry spirit.This American girl tried to avoid it as best she could. Yes, I’m biracial like Meghan Markle, black like Meghan Markle, but I told myself I would watch a couple minutes of the… May 22, 2018 In "News" For all the fans of the US actress, this news might come as a slight shock to you. Meghan Markle has said that acting will take a back seat when she marries Prince Harry, following the example of screen icon Grace Kelly who abandoned Hollywood to marry into royalty. The… November 28, 2017 In "News" Yesterday, the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle, arrived at the Royal Academy of Arts to attend the opening of an exhibition. Having had the door opened for her, she stepped out and shut the door behind her. READ:Â Meghan Markle Shows Off Her Sporty Side As She Plays Basketball Wearing Heels… September 26, 2018 In "News"