Barcelona’s Lionel Messi has equalled a Champions League record which had been set by Raul and Cristiano Ronaldo after his goal against Slavia Prague. The Blaugrana travelled to Prague in hope of bringing back a pretty important three points. A win would potentially send them clear of the chasing pack in Group F, and closer to progression through to the knock-out stage. Safe to say they knew that, with how fast they came out of the blocks. Within the first five minutes, Barcelona were already ahead and it was a familiar face scoring the goal. Lionel Messi scored his first goal of the Champions League campaign, giving Barcelona a 1-0 lead. Though, it wasn’t the goal that was the talking point, it was who it came against. Wow, that was FAST! Leo #Messi! pic.twitter.com/SfJUKaPnVR — FC Barcelona (@FCBarcelona) October 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js That’s because Lionel Messi equalled Raul and Cristiano Ronaldo’s record for different teams scored against in the Champions League. His goal in the third minute, assisted by midfielder Arthur, was the 33rd team Messi had scored against in Europe’s top competition. Add Slavia Prague to the list Messi is in good company. pic.twitter.com/wFW6fJUY1F — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) October 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Incredibly, that isn’t the only record Messi has equalled/broken in the first half. Messi also became the first player in Champions League history to score a goal in 15 consecutive seasons. Safe to say, the Argentine has a knack for breaking records. Lionel Messi is the first player to score in 15 consecutive Champions League seasons in the #UCL era. From 2005-06 to 2019-20 and beyond. pic.twitter.com/i5rPyf4OVd — Squawka Football (@Squawka) October 23, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Despite Messi’s goal, it’s been a pretty disappointing half for Barcelona. Slavia Prague have had the best chances so far, with Marc-André ter Stegen making a string of important saves just before the half-time break. If Barcelona are to extend their lead at the top of Group F, a much better performance in the second half is needed.   If you haven’t seen this memorable @leomessi performance before, you should Czech it out! A post shared by  FC Barcelona (@fcbarcelona) on Oct 23, 2019 at 6:43am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Slavia Prague vs Barcelona live streaming: Watch online Source: Great Goals