Red Bull Salzburg striker Erling Braut Haaland has responded to talk of a potential move away from the Austrian club in the not too distant future. It’s safe to say that Haaland is currently taking the Champions League by storm. Despite scoring an impressive 11 goals in eight Austrian Bundesliga appearances, it’s on the European stage where he is now getting recognition for his potential. Haaland scored a hat-trick on his Champions League debut, coming against Genk in a 6-2 win. The Norwegian talent then followed that up on Tuesday night with a goal against Liverpool just three minutes after coming on as a substitute. As a result of his performances, there’s been talk of where Haaland could go from here. He recently admitted that he has a liking for the Premier League, with suggestions of a move to Manchester United to link up with Ole Gunnar Solskjær also cropping up. Though, Haaland isn’t thinking about his future and is actually bored of hearing about it. So oder so: IRRE! #KönigsCLasse A post shared by  FC Red Bull Salzburg (@fcredbullsalzburg) on Oct 2, 2019 at 1:29pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js In an interview with VG, Haaland explained that he hopes Red Bull Salzburg can help shield him from the media and talk of his future. ‘The club is good at shielding me a little, but I hope it will be more shielding in the future,’ he explained. ‘It will be difficult, but we will try. I want to be shielded.’ When pressed as to why he wanted to be shielded from talk of his future, Haaland made it clear he was already bored of it. ‘It’s boring. I’m bored now. On a scale of 1 to 10 [of how bored]? 9.9,’ Haaland continued. Proud of this club @fcredbullsalzburg A post shared by  Erling Braut Haaland (@erling.haaland) on Oct 3, 2019 at 5:21am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js Regardless of whether he’s on their radar or not, Man United could do with someone like Erling Braut Haaland right now. That’s because they’re struggling and failed to beat AZ Alkmaar in the Europa League on Thursday. Now, Ole Gunnar Solskjær has moved to calm fans by suggesting it was actually a good result. Click here to see what he had to say. Our boy Brandon put in a shift tonight. #MUFC A post shared by  Manchester United (@manchesterunited) on Oct 3, 2019 at 12:29pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Liverpool vs Leicester betting tips: Premier League preview & predictions Brighton vs Tottenham betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Burnley vs Everton betting tips: Premier League preview & prediction Norwich City vs Aston Villa betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals