Updates on the fitness of Manchester United star Anthony Martial have emerged online this evening, ahead of the Red Devils’ crunch clash this weekend. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men are set to welcome rivals Liverpool to Old Trafford on Sunday evening. The two sides, though, will head into proceedings on markedly differing runs of form. Hosts United have picked up just one win from their last five fixtures across all competitions, and even that victory came via a penalty shootout versus League One outfit Rochdale in the League Cup. The Manchester giants’ latest outing, meanwhile, saw them put to the sword by a goal to nil at struggling Newcastle. As such, ahead of the return of club football this weekend, United sit in a lowly 12th-place in the Premier League table. 9 – Manchester United have picked up just nine points from their opening eight Premier League matches this season (W2 D3 L3), their worst start to a league season since 1989-90 (8 points) when they went on to finish 13th. Worrying. pic.twitter.com/oV2kDjRkri — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Liverpool, on the other hand, have enjoyed a superb start to the campaign. Jurgen Klopp’s men have notched 8 wins from 8 in the English top-flight, leaving them sitting pretty atop the table, 8 points clear of champions Manchester City. As a result, Manchester United are understandably set to enter their meeting with Liverpool as heavy underdogs. The latest round of fitness updates on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad, though, has at least provided some hope for the Red Devils. A report from the Mirror earlier today suggested that all of Paul Pogba, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw are set to return to action this weekend. And another of United’s key men is now also working his way back towards fitness. As per the reliable Simon Stone of BBC Sport, Anthony Martial, who has been out of action since the end of August, is due to rejoin training with the rest of the Manchester giants’ squad this week. So, Anthony Martial will return to training this week. Not exactly sure when but @ManUtd need him. Third highest league scorer – and hasn’t played since 24 August. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) October 14, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Sky, meanwhile, have gone a step further, by suggesting that the Frenchman could therefore feature versus Liverpool on Sunday. Man United’s Daniel James insists he is ‘fine’ after nasty collision vs Croatia Max Allegri would want Patrice Evra as part of Man United backroom staff – Mail Source: Great Goals In this piece, we take a look at some of the main talking points to be taken from Newcastle’s United victory over Manchester United this evening. Magpies emerge victorious Newcastle welcomed United to St. James’ Park a short time ago, for the weekend’s final Premier League fixture. Both sides headed… October 6, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United’s first game back after the international break is one they are unlikely to be looking forward to. The Red Devils have had a pretty dismal start to the 2019/20 Premier League campaign and head into the weekend’s action 12th in the league, just two… October 14, 2019 In "Sports" Man United vs Liverpool Manchester United are in the midst of some very poor form. Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was appointed permanently on March 28th, Manchester United have won just 17 points in 16 Premier League outings. 17 – Since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was appointed permanently on March 28th, Manchester… October 12, 2019 In "Sports"