Premier League champions Manchester City have this evening confirmed their latest blow on the injury front. The Sky Blues are currently locked in action with Serie A outfit Atalanta, in their latest Champions League outing. Hosts City headed into proceedings sitting atop the Group C table, on the back of 6 points from their first 2 fixtures of the European season. Pep Guardiola’s men followed a comfortable 3-0 win over Shakhtar Donetsk last month by downing Dinamo Zagreb by 2 goals to nil three weeks ago. Atalanta, on the other hand, have yet to pick up a point in their debut Champions League campaign. As such, having also bounced back domestically with a deserved 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace at the weekend, Manchester City understandably headed into tonight’s matchup as overwhelming favourites to emerge with all 3 points. The Citizens’ starting XI expected to do just that, meanwhile, was announced an hour prior to kick-off, and read as follows: Your team for tonight! 💙 XI | Ederson, Walker, Rodrigo, Fernandinho (C), Mendy, Gundogan, Foden, De Bruyne, Sterling, Mahrez, Aguero SUBS | Bravo, Stones, Jesus, Bernardo, Silva, Cancelo, Otamendi. 🔵 #ManCity pic.twitter.com/GzaKdpKRS3 — Manchester City (@ManCity) October 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js One notable omission from not only City’s line-up, but their matchday squad altogether, though, was Oleksandr Zinchenko. Versatile Ukrainian stopper Zinchenko has played an important role for the English champions once again over the early months of the new season, but, as confirmed on City’s official website a short time ago, the 22-year-old has picked up a knee problem: ‘The Ukrainian will be assessed over the coming days to determine the extent of the problem.’ Oleksandr Zincheno has suffered a knee injury that means he misses tonight’s game at home to Atalanta. 🔵 #ManCity — Manchester City (@ManCity) October 22, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Manchester City vs Atalanta live streaming: Watch Champions League online & confirmed line-ups Pep Guardiola believes Man City are still not ready to win the Champions League Source: Great Goals Man City to take on Atalanta Manchester City will go head-to-head with Atalanta on Tuesday in the Champions League. City will no doubt be looking to make it three wins out of three in CL games this season after Pep Guardiola’s men beat Dinamo Zagreb 2-0 and Shakhtar Donetsk 3-0… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Man City vs Atalanta Manchester City are set to play host to Serie A outfit Atalanta on Tuesday evening. This will be the Citizens’ 3rd Champions League game of the season with Pep Guardiola’s men already picking up victories vs Shakhtar Donetsk and Dinamo Zagreb this campaign. City’s two wins… October 21, 2019 In "Sports" Man City vs Dinamo Zagreb Manchester City will play host to Dinamo Zagreb on Tuesday in their second Champions League game of the season. City kicked off their 2019/20 CL campaign with a 3-0 win over Shakhtar Donetsk. As for Dinamo Zagreb, they would beat Atalanta 4-0 in their first… October 1, 2019 In "Sports"