Loris Karius has been on loan at Turkish outfit Besiktas since August of 2018. During his first season in Turkey Karius would feature 35 times for Besiktas, keeping just six clean sheets. Despite the fairly low number of clean sheets last season, Karius looks to have retained his spot as Besiktas’ number one keeper for the 2019/20 campaign as well. So far, the German has played both of Besiktas’ Europa League games this season. And five of their six league outings. KIEV, UKRAINE – MAY 26: Loris Karius of Liverpool looks dejected after conceeding a third goal during the UEFA Champions League Final between Real Madrid and Liverpool at NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium on May 26, 2018 in Kiev, Ukraine. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) Liverpool’s number one goalkeeper is now Allison. The Brazilian had an outstanding debut campaign which saw him concede just 22 goals in 38 Premier League appearances last season, the lowest in the league that season. So, when Karius’ loan with Besiktas runs out at the end of the 2019/20 campaign, you would assume he would not take the place of Allison. However, when speaking about Liverpool, Karius stated playing for them is an option still: “Will I play for Liverpool again? Of course it’s an option and a good option to still be there. “Maybe I’ll play for them again, you never know. It’s still far ahead. If it’s not Liverpool, it will be another decent team, so I’m not worried about any scenario. “The Premier League is the best league so it is interesting of course. If you play in England you’re always a bit more in the spotlight, but I’m at a good club now so we will see what happens at the end of the season.” As quoted by the Daily Mail. But given Allison’s superb start to life at Liverpool, plus Adrian doing a decent job as backup keeper while Alisson has been out injured, there doesn’t really look to be any room for Karius at Anfield. See also: West Ham United vs Crystal Palace live streaming: Watch the Premier League online, preview, prediction and odds West Ham vs Crystal Palace betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals