Wolves would travel to Manchester City on Sunday as they looked to build on their Europa League win vs Besiktas earlier this week. While Wolves are having a decent go in the Europa League, their league form hasn’t been great this season. Nuno Santo’s side started the day 15th in the Premier League. Manchester City, on the other hand, were 2nd in the league, eight points behind table-topping Liverpool who beat Leicester 2-1 on Saturday. And that gap would remain at eight points when proceedings drew to a close at the Etihad on Sunday thanks to a brace of goals from Adama Traore. 0 – Manchester City have lost a @premierleague match at the Etihad Stadium without scoring for the first since March 2016 against Man Utd (0-1), with Manuel Pellegrini in charge. Stunned. #MCIWOL pic.twitter.com/aa1iXqRMVt — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – APRIL 03: Josep Guardiola, Manager of Manchester City looks on prior to the Premier League match between Manchester City and Cardiff City at Etihad Stadium on April 03, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images) After the win over Man City, The Athletic’s Tim Spires pointed out a rather impressive stat. Spires claimed that in the last 10 months, Wolves have picked up wins against all of the Premier League ‘top six’. Teams Wolves have beaten in the past 10 months Manchester City 
Liverpool 
Spurs 
Chelsea 
Arsenal 
Manchester United (x2) — Tim Spiers (@TimSpiers) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js That top six being Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United. While Spiers was off by one day with one of those wins, it is still true that Wolves have picked up wins over the six above-mentioned sides in the past year. Nuno Santo’s side saw off Chelsea in the Premier League on December 5th 2018, making Spires 10-month claim one day out. Wolves would, of course, beat Man City on Sunday. They would beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup 3rd round on January 7th 2019 Wolves would also beat Tottenham on the 29th of December 2018 and Arsenal on April 24th, 2019. And finally, Wolves beat Man United in March of 2019 and then again in April of 2019. See also: Why Benjamin Mendy missed Manchester City vs Wolves Only Watford have conceded more Premier League away goals than Chelsea in 2019 Source: Great Goals