Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen has reportedly made it clear he wants to leave the club with his contract set to expire next summer. Eriksen’s future has been a top conversation for many months now. With the Danish playmaker’s contract set to expire next summer, there’s been plenty of transfer links. During the summer transfer window, it was Real Madrid who were heavily linked with a move. Though, nothing materialised and Eriksen remained at Spurs. His situation has only worsened since the summer too. Eriksen has not been playing as much as he would like during Tottenham’s poor start to the season. Now, it looks as though he’s leaving one way or another. LONDON, ENGLAND – AUGUST 10: Christian Eriksen of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Aston Villa at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on August 10, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Tottenham Hotspur FC/Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty Images) According to Marca, Eriksen has already made it clear that he wants to leave, despite ‘three different proposals’. Their report explains: ‘He knows what he wants to do, and that’s leave. Whether in January or next summer, he will get what he wants – to leave Tottenham’. Interestingly, Marca also reveal that Daniel Levy attempted to sell Eriksen late in the summer window. They claim: ‘Daniel Levy even tried to sell the midfielder during the final days of the transfer window once he realised the Dane wasn’t going to sign. Real Madrid weren’t interested in signing him then, they were working off Zinedine Zidane’s orders to pursue Paul Pogba’. As a result, Tottenham could easily lose Eriksen for free if he signs a pre-agreement with any club in January. Though, Spurs will likely try and sell him to interested clubs for a cut-price fee in the winter window.    A post shared by  Christian Eriksen (@chriseriksen8) on Oct 11, 2019 at 10:44am PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js  See also: Tottenham hope to sell Christian Eriksen to Real Madrid in January – Mirror Former Spurs star urges club to avoid Jose Mourinho/Stand by Mauricio Pochettino Source: Great Goals Eriksen & Tottenham Christian Eriksen has been at Tottenham since 2013 when he moved from Dutch outfit Ajax. The midfielder has made 287 appearances across all competitions for Spurs, in which he has scored 67 and assisted 67. However, Eriksen looks to be moving close to an exit from the… October 5, 2019 In "Sports" Eriksen’s Spurs stint Christian Eriksen joined Tottenham in August of 2013 from Dutch outfit Ajax. Spurs are believed to have paid around £12m for Eriksen’s services. Since making the switch to North London, Eriksen has gone on to become an integral member of Tottenham’s squad. In total, the Dane has… October 11, 2019 In "Sports" Christian Eriksen, Tottenham & January window In the Daily Mail on Thursday, there’s an update on the future of Christian Eriksen at Tottenham. Back at the start of the summer, Eriksen indicated that he’d like to leave Spurs. However, the Danish playmaker was unable to complete a move from north… September 26, 2019 In "Sports"