After being omitted from Arsenal’s previous six matchday squads, Mesut Ozil was finally given some minutes on Wednesday evening. Arsenal faced off with Liverpool at Anfield in a League Cup clash. Both sides had weakened starting line-ups with Arsenal not playing the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette and Nicolas Pepe. But despite the two sides omitting some of their stars, the clash was an incredibly enjoyable watch as the two sides produced some empathic attacking displays. The tie eventually ended 5-5 after 90 minutes with Liverpool emerging victorious from the proceeding penalty shootout. Perhaps Arsenal’s best performer on Wednesday was Mesut Ozil. The German started at Anfield and put on a spectacular display, which included him providing two assists. However, Ozil was then taken off 65 minutes into the tie. Given how well the midfield maestro had been performing, it seemed like a bit of a strange move from Emery. But the Spaniard has now provided an explanation for Ozil’s withdrawal, claiming they had decided prior to the game to play him for that amount of time: “We decided before the game to only play him for that amount of time. “I think in that moment it is good to make that decision as we were calm and he did the work very well and we decided it was better to rest him.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. Arsenal are now set to face Wolves on Saturday with Emery claiming Ozil could feature vs Nuno Santo’s side: “Yes he will feature. We have a match on Saturday and we will look at the possibility to use him again alongside other players and this is the way sometimes.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. See also: Watford vs Chelsea betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions West Ham vs Newcastle betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions Manchester City vs Southampton betting tips: Premier League match preview and predictions Bournemouth vs Manchester United betting tips: Premier League match preview & predictions  Source: Great Goals