The FA have today confirmed that Manchester City’s Bernardo Silva has been charged in respect of a tweet referencing Benjamin Mendy. The FA have released the following statement: Bernardo Silva has been charged with misconduct for a breach of FA Rule E3 in relation to a social media post on 22 September 2019. It is alleged that the Manchester City player’s activity breaches FA Rule E3(1) as it was insulting and/or improper and/or brought the game into disrepute. It is further alleged that the activity constitutes an “Aggravated Breach”, which is defined in FA Rule E3(2), as it included reference, whether expressed or implied, to race and/or colour and/or ethnic origin. The midfielder has until 9 October 2019 to provide a response. Bernardo Silva has been charged with misconduct for a breach of FA Rule E3. Full statement: https://t.co/06ZRrH9oiU. pic.twitter.com/6xyoPxehT9 — FA Spokesperson (@FAspokesperson) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Silva compared a picture of Benjamin Mendy as a kid to the mascot for Conguitos, a Spanish chocolate brand. The Portuguese international later deleted the tweet. Bernardo Silva’s deleted tweet The first point to know is that there is no automatic punishment if Silva is found guilty. Instead, a regulatory commission will decide on the appropriate punishment. As confirmed by reporter Sam Lee, the FA have several options in handling Silva’s case. One of those punishments is “face-to-face” education. The Daily Mail delve deeper into that issue, reporting: Where the comments are ‘clearly pejorative and discriminatory’, match-based sanctions can be imposed. Mandatory education courses are also to form part of any sanction for a proven offence. Aside from these education courses, another option would be to fine Bernardo Silva. Again, the size of the fine would have to be determined by the FA. Finally, the FA have the option to ban Silva. Bernardo Silva has been charged with an “aggravated breach” of FA rules for his Mendy tweet. Whenever punishments have been handed out for this kind of breach in the past, it’s included a ban, small fine and “face-to-face” education — Sam Lee (@SamLee) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Possibly, however it’s far too early to say. The Guardian have looked into Silva’s possible six game ban, reporting: The game’s governing has recently introduced a minimum six-game ban for anyone found guilty of racist abuse during matches but that does not automatically apply to social media. An independent regulatory commission will decide whether Silva deserves a six-game ban and has the power to increase or decrease that depending on mitigating circumstances. That’s what many assume. As previously mentioned, Silva has until 9 October 2019 to reply to the FA. In addition, the Guardian say Silva has already contacted the FA to “express regret (for) any unintentional hurt he may have caused” with his tweet. Working on the basis Silva is hit with a six-game ban on 9 October, the midfielder could miss the following games. Pep Guardiola has previously addressed the Bernardo Silva issue. The Man City manager has vehemently defended his player against claims of racism, saying: Bernardo is one of the most lovely people I ever met in my life. He speaks four or five languages and that is the best way to understand how open-minded he is, and one of his best friends is Mendy. He’s like a brother for him. The image is not about the colour of the skin. He took a picture of Benjamin when he was young and he related it to this cartoon, which was quite similar for the image, nothing about the colour of the skin, nationalities or whatever. If something happened it would be a mistake. | “The image is not about the colour of the skin.” Pep Guardiola has defended Bernardo Silva against racism accusations after the tweet he sent to Benjamin Mendy. #mcfc pic.twitter.com/1FIMyhwGwf — Manchester City News (@ManCityMEN) September 24, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Some will argue that Bernardo Silva shouldn’t be punished. After all, if Benjamin Mendy wasn’t offended by the tweet, why should everyone else be so outraged? Is this PC/woke culture spinning out of control? Benjamin Mendy’s reply to Silva’s tweet Bernardo Silva fights back By contrast, it’s worth noting that Kick It Out have condemned Bernardo Silva’s tweet. While others on social media, like journalist Jonathan Northcroft, have explained their thoughts on why Bernardo Silva needs to be punished. (thread) Bernardo had to be charged. What some miss is that it’s not about whether someone ‘is a racist’ but whether an action could cause racial insult. ie it’s about the act, not the person. And logically that’s the only way it can be. — Jonathan Northcroft (@JNorthcroft) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also…it wasn’t a ‘joke between friends’. He published something for millions of people to read. It wasn’t a private WhatsApp. — Jonathan Northcroft (@JNorthcroft) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, given it’s fairly obvious that it was in the context of friendship, and Mendy is fine, and Bernardo is mortified, I don’t think a ban would serve any good. Best thing to come out of it would be if Bernardo was fined, expressed contrition and helped educate others. — Jonathan Northcroft (@JNorthcroft) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Put the fine collected to appropriate use and get Bernardo to talk about things publicly and to speak to academy players about the issues involved and his mistake. — Jonathan Northcroft (@JNorthcroft) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Too often with these things it’s battle lines drawn between those who shout ‘guilty’ and those who shout ‘innocent’ and nothing ever gets learned, improved or changed. — Jonathan Northcroft (@JNorthcroft) October 2, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Also see: Everything we know about Kevin De Bruyne’s injury problem before Wolves & Phil Foden’s unfair treatment at Man City. Liverpool vs RB Salzburg betting tips: Champions League preview & predictions. Source: Great Goals