Wilfried Zaha had an outstanding 2018/19 campaign that saw him score 10 and provide 10 assists in the league for Crystal Palace. After such a solid season, the Ivorian was linked with a move away from Selhurst Park. The main two clubs reported to have shown an interest in securing Zaha’s services were Arsenal and Everton. However, a move to either of the aforementioned sides failed to materialise over the summer with Zaha said to have been left devastated after his hopes of leaving Palace to join Everton were dashed. SUEZ, EGYPT – JULY 08: Wilfried Zaha of Ivory Coast during the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations Round of 16 match between Mali and Ivory Coast at Suez Stadium on July 8, 2019 in Suez, Egypt. (Photo by Visionhaus) Despite looking to leave Palace over the summer, Zaha has still been a key member of their squad this season. The forward has featured in all eight of the Eagle’s league games this campaign, starting seven of them. But while Zaha has been a prominent member of the Palace setup this season, his form has been somewhat subpar, managing zero goals and one assist in his eight league outings. Zaha has now opened up on his failed summer mover, stating his head was a bit all over the pace: “I had to put my head down and play my football. “I would have been hindering my own progress by moaning and not wanting to perform properly. “It was a thing where ‘OK, this hasn’t happened but I’ve got to get on with it’. “I’ve got to prove every time that I’m the top player I claim to be so I had to get over that quickly. Obviously my head was a bit all over the place at the beginning of the season but I had to nail down and just get on with it because the team deserved that.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. What it means! Had to fight hard for those points A post shared by  Wilfried Zaha (@wilfriedzaha) on Oct 5, 2019 at 1:25pm PDT //www.instagram.com/embed.js See also: Slovakia vs Wales betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview and predictions Netherlands vs Northern Ireland betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Russia vs Scotland betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals