Stuart Pearce has today revealed his opinion that Manchester City youngster Phil Foden would benefit from a temporary spell away from the club following the turn of the year. 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a rare combination of touch, vision, dribbling ability and eye for goal, attributes which come together to suggest that he could yet go on to become English football’s next great midfielder. However, despite his immense talent, the Three Lions youth international has found game-time hard to come by at senior level to this point in his career. After appearing 5 times off the bench in the Premier League in 2017/18, Foden added a further 13 appearances (3 starts) to his tally last season. It was when given the chance to impress as a starter in cup competitions, though, that the teen thrived. Across 8 appearances (6 starts) between the FA Cup and League Cup in 2018/19, Foden directly-contributed to a hugely-impressive 6 goals. Phil Foden celebrates after scoring during the Carabao Cup Semi-Final First-Leg between Manchester City and Burton Albion. (Photo by Gareth Copley/Getty Images) As such, it must no doubt come as a major source of frustration for Foden that the early weeks of the new campaign have seen him again struggle for time on the pitch. To this point in City’s underwhelming Premier League season, the midfielder has been afforded a paltry 10 minutes of game-time. And one individual who is of the opinion that, if this situation doesn’t change over the coming months, then Foden needs to take into serious consideration a loan move in January, is Stuart Pearce. Speaking in an interview with talkSPORT, former Citizens boss Pearce explained: ‘In January, he [Foden] really needs to look at where he is at the moment.’ ‘Game time is absolutely vital for a player of his age.’ ‘He’s coming to that age where he needs to play some games. I think six months out on loan, if he hasn’t broken into the team, would do him the world of good.’ ‘Guardiola loves the kid to bits. But the bottom line is, you’ve got to play.’ Pearce then went on to highlight how the likes of Mason Mount and Tammy Abraham have thrived at Chelsea over the early weeks of the season: ‘Frank’s chucked a few of the youngsters in at Chelsea and that’s probably brought Foden’s name to the fore a little bit more, because he isn’t getting game time.’ ‘You and I know the best experiences come from game time and not training.’ Man City star Rodri on why Liverpool are ‘the best team in Europe’ and learning when to commit tactical fouls Manchester City monitoring Dinamo Zagreb’s Marin – Sky Source: Great Goals Manchester City manager Phil Foden has moved to lavish fresh praise on Phil Foden, labelling the gifted youngster the only indispensable member of his squad. City prodigy 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses a rare combination of touch,… October 10, 2019 In "Sports" Phil Foden has this afternoon issued a response to manager Pep Guardiola, after the Man City boss hinted that his side’s gifted starlet needs to come out of his shell. City prodigy 19-year-old midfielder Foden is widely-viewed as one of the finest young talents in England. The City starlet possesses… September 8, 2019 In "Sports" Manchester City's English midfielder Phil Foden celebrates scoring his team's third goal during the English League Cup third round football match between Oxford United and Manchester City at the Kassam Stadium in Oxford, west of London, on September 25, 2018. / AFP PHOTO / Adrian DENNIS/ Pep Guardiola has backed… September 26, 2018 In "News"