Liverpool have this evening taken to social media to post a highlight reel of Fabinho’s brilliant display versus Tottenham at the weekend. Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Spurs to Anfield on Sunday evening, for their latest Premier League outing. The Reds headed into proceedings looking to reestablish their comfortable 6-point advantage over champions Manchester City atop the English top-flight table, after the Citizens put Aston Villa to the sword by 3 goals to nil on Saturday. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done on Merseyside, stretch their lead over Pep Guardiola’s outfit once more was precisely what Liverpool managed. A hectic opening to proceedings actually saw Tottenham take the lead. After Heung-min Son’s effort from outside the area was deflected onto the upright by Dejan Lovren, Harry Kane was on hand to nod home on the rebound. Liverpool, however, showcased the spirit of champions-elect as proceedings wore on. First, Jordan Henderson levelled things up with a superb finish shortly after the interval, after being played in by midfield partner Fabinho. And Mohamed Salah then turned the clash on its head 15 minutes from time, lashing home from the penalty spot to secure all 3 points for the hosts. On the back of their latest impressive victory, a number of Liverpool’s stars have since been singled out for praise. The standout performer at Anfield, though, in the eyes of most, was Fabinho. The Brazilian is, simply put, a stupendous footballer. Fabinho is everything that was, until last season, so badly missing from Jurgen Klopp’s midfield. The former Monaco man possesses all of the desirable attributes of a midfield enforcer. And every one of these traits was, at one point or another, on full display versus Spurs. Fabinho patrolled the middle of the park at Anfield, making it his own with a combination of tenacity, finesse, and a near-unrivalled reading of the game. The 26-year-old also bagged the assist for Liverpool’s equaliser, with a pinpoint ball over the top. As such, the European champions have this evening taken to social media to bring attention to Fabinho’s latest showing. The clip, featuring his finest contributions on Sunday, is showcased below: 🤩 F A B I N H O 🤩 Enjoy the best bits from a sensational @_fabinhotavares performance against @SpursOfficial 👌🔴 pic.twitter.com/qr6pvLYwT8 — Liverpool FC (@LFC) October 29, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Chelsea vs Manchester United betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth round match preview and predictions Liverpool vs Arsenal betting tips: Carabao Cup fourth round match preview & predictions Source: Great Goals