Daniel James started for Wales on Sunday evening as they went head-to-head with Croatia. Croatia would take the lead nine minutes into the tie through Nikola Vlasic. However, Ryan Giggs’ side would pull one back via Gareth Bale just before the interval with the game finishing 1-1. During the tie, Manchester United winger Daniel James suffered a fairly nasty looking collision, in which he looked to be knocked out. Daniel James: “He caught me in the head. I didn’t get knocked out.” But these pictures do not look good pic.twitter.com/qu1VvKTwMU — Goal (@goal) October 13, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js However, after the game, James stated he is fine and he didn’t get knocked out: “There was a few tackles flying in but you always expect it in these games. “I’m fine. I think he just caught me in the head but I didn’t get knocked out fortunately.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. Wales boss Ryan Giggs would also provide an update on James after the Croatia clash, along with updates about Ethan Ampadu and Gareth Bale: “They’re both (James and Ampadu) fine. “Ethan’s fine, DJ went down and stayed down with a bit of acting really, but the medical staff went over and he was compos mentis. “Then at half-time we did all the tests and he passed it, so they’re both fine. “Gareth just got a bit of cramp towards the end but he didn’t want to come off. It’s a shame that he did get that – it was about 10 minutes at the end we were down one player.” As quoted by the Evening Standard. MANCHESTER, ENGLAND – AUGUST 24: Daniel James of Manchester United in action during the Premier League match between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Old Trafford on August 24, 2019 in Manchester, United Kingdom. (Photo by Matthew Peters/Manchester United via Getty Images) That game was Wales’ final tie of the current international break and Man United fans will likely be hoping James is fully fit ahead of their upcoming clash. Man United must play host to Liverpool this coming Sunday. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side head into the weekend’s action all the way down in 12th place in the Premier League. Liverpool, on the other hand, sit top of the PL table, having won their opening eight league outings this campaign. See also: Bulgaria vs England betting tips: Euro 2020 Qualifier match preview & predictions Czech Republic vs Northern Ireland betting tips: International friendly match preview and predictions    Source: Great Goals