Upfield is a global leader in plant-based nutrition with a great history and a portfolio of iconic brands that people have used and trusted for generations. This includes Flora, Rama, Becel, Blue Band, Country Crock, I Can’t Believe it’s not Butter and ProActiv. We are a global food company with 6 business units operating in 95 markets. We have the mind-set of a start-up. This makes us fast, agile, entrepreneurial, cost conscious and accountable for our products – from seed to serving at the breakfast, lunch or dinner table. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job Title: Project Gold Regional Deployment Lead (West Africa) Location: Lagos
Fixed Term Contract: 7 Months
Reports to: The General Manager, West Africa Want to make an impact where it matters? Your Role Main Responsibilities
Reporting to the Wave Lead, the Deployment Lead will be responsible for: Experience and Capabilities Application Closing Date
Not Specified. The post Project Gold Regional Deployment Lead (West Africa) at Upfield Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Source: https://jobsinnigeria.careers/feed/ (A). SW Global Limited SW Global Limited – We are one of the largest Information Technology Company to emerge from West Africa with focus on solution delivery for Public and Private Sector Clients. Our market reach for our products have also powered enterprises in the USA, Ghana, Sierra Leon, Liberia, South… August 6, 2019 In "Jobs" Pfizer - Good health is vital to all of us, and finding sustainable solutions to the most pressing health care challenges of our world cannot wait. That's why we at Pfizer are committed to applying science and our global resources to improve health and well-being at every stage of life.… July 25, 2019 In "Jobs" Pfizer – Good health is vital to all of us, and finding sustainable solutions to the most pressing health care challenges of our world cannot wait. That’s why we at Pfizer are committed to applying science and our global resources to improve health and well-being at every stage of life.… July 25, 2019 In "Jobs"