Following Sweden’s 1-1 draw with Spain on Tuesday night in a Euro 2020 qualifier, Kristoffer Olsson revealed how Arsenal’s Dani Ceballos got upset during the game. Ceballos often clashed with Krasnodar midfielder Olsson during the match. Indeed, in the 69th minute, Ceballos was booked after a coming-together with Olsson. After the game, Olsson revealed to the Swedish press how Ceballos complained about his performance during the Euro 2020 qualifier: He said to me to stop acting like I was Messi. I can’t remember what I said back. I thought it was strange. I don’t understand what he really meant. Kristoffer Olsson är inte Messi. Koffe är AIK 🖤💛https://t.co/t0Uvmz1ljK — Alexis Wicklin (@AlexisWicklin) October 15, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Spain have qualified for Euro 2020 following a 1-1 draw in Sweden. The Swedes took the lead in the 50th minute through forward Marcus Berg. However, Spain leveled in the 92nd minute when Rodrigo found the target. La Roja are the sixth team to qualify for next year’s tournament after Belgium, Italy, Russia, Poland and Ukraine. Returning to Arsenal and Dani Ceballos, rumours are flying about whether the Gunners will manage to keep the midfielder at the club after this season. Ceballos joined the Gunners on loan from Real Madrid in the summer. Unfortunately for Arsenal, they failed to secure an option to buy Ceballos from Madrid when the deal expires. However, this week Spanish daily AS have claimed that Arsenal hope to sign Ceballos on a permanent deal next summer. AS reported: (Arsenal) are aware that it will be very difficult to convince Real Madrid (to sell Ceballos), but seeing how quickly he has adapted to the team and the performance he is giving, they will definitely try to sign him. Also see: Unai Emery’s contract length clarified & Freddie Ljungberg’s long-term Arsenal ambition revealed by David Ornstein. Daniel James accused of faking a concussion & Liverpool’s Mo Salah injury update before Man United. Source: Great Goals