Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has this evening moved to quell fears regarding Mohamed Salah’s fitness, after the Egyptian was forced off late in the club’s win over Tottenham. Jurgen Klopp’s men welcomed Spurs to Anfield a short time ago, for their latest Premier League clash. The Reds headed into proceedings looking to reestablish their comfortable 6-point advantage over champions Manchester City atop the English top-flight table, after the Citizens put Aston Villa to the sword by 3 goals to nil yesterday afternoon. And, when the 90 minutes were said and done this evening, stretch their lead over Pep Guardiola’s outfit once more was precisely what Liverpool managed. A hectic opening to proceedings on Merseyside actually saw Tottenham take the lead. After Heung-min Son’s effort from outside the area was deflected onto the upright by Dejan Lovren, Harry Kane was on hand to nod home on the rebound. Liverpool, however, showcased the spirit of champions-elect as proceedings wore on. First, Jordan Henderson levelled things up with a superb finish shortly after the interval, after being played in by midfield partner Fabinho. And Mohamed Salah then turned the clash on its head 15 minutes from time, lashing home from the penalty spot to secure all 3 points for the hosts. One concerning note on an otherwise positive evening for Liverpool, however, came during the game’s closing exchanges. Shortly after putting his side in front, Mo Salah went to ground holding his ankle. Worryingly, this was the same ankle that had kept the Egyptian sidelined over recent weeks, and saw Salah miss Liverpool’s draw with Manchester United last weekend. He was subsequently forced off, to be replaced by James Milner. As such, fans of the Reds had no doubt since been awaiting an update on their star attacker with bated breath. The Liverpool faithful, though, can rest easy. Jurgen Klopp has tonight moved to dispel fears surrounding Salah’s fitness, assuring that the former Roma man’s issue is not a serious one: ‘It’s not a massive issue,‘ the Liverpool boss explained to Sky Sports. ‘Virgil [van Dijk] got a dead leg. Mo is the same ankle. It just gets sore the longer the game goes on.’ ‘It’s not a massive issue, that will disappear one day, but it’s still a bit there at the moment.’ Sadio Mane reveals intention to remain at Liverpool ‘forever’ Scott McTominay scores historic goal as Man United see off Norwich Source: Great Goals