Arsenal boss Unai Emery has this evening heaped praise on David Luiz and Matteo Guendouzi, on the back of his side’s victory over Bournemouth. The Gunners welcomed Eddie Howe’s men to the Emirates earlier today, for the club’s latest Premier League outing. Arsenal headed into the clash in fine form, having not lost any of their last 7 fixtures across all competitions. And, when all was said and done in north London, despite having looked sub-par for long stretches throughout the clash, Emery’s men made it 8 unbeaten, with their latest 3-point haul. The matchup was decided by a solitary goal, scored by David Luiz, with just 9 minutes on the clock. As such, on the back of Manchester City’s shock defeat at the hands of Wolves this afternoon, Arsenal now sit 3rd in the Premier League table, just a point adrift of the champions. 17 – Arsenal have won 17 home Premier League games under Unai Emery – since the start of last season, only Liverpool (21) and Man City (20) have won more. Strong. #ARSBOU pic.twitter.com/Pez2MO9Sfo — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) October 6, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Several of Arsenal’s stars impressed over the course of the 90 minutes this afternoon, with Calum Chambers having been widely-lauded for his latest excellent display at right-back. Two others to have since been singled out for special praise by Gunners boss Unai Emery, though, are David Luiz and Matteo Guendouzi. Luiz of course proved the match-winner versus Bournemouth, with Emery having highlighted the attitude of the former Chelsea man as key to his squad: ‘He is very positive. He is every time speaking about positive things. He is helping the young players.’ ‘He came late in the squad but his commitment is very high, his behaviour. Everybody was happy with that goal.’ On young midfielder Guendouzi, who has enjoyed a superb campaign so far, meanwhile, the Arsenal boss added: ‘We forget sometimes Matteo, he is a very young player. He is progressing. He is 20 years old. Lucas Torreira is another.’ ‘Matteo is improving a lot. After last year he is improving a lot tactically in defensive moments. We need him with the ball.’ Quotes via football.london David De Gea slams Man United’s ‘unacceptable’ defeat to Newcastle: ‘The most difficult time since I’ve been here’ Pep Guardiola provides thoughts on title race after Wolves defeat Source: Great Goals