Rio Soundz – Dey There + Kalamity With "Summer Body" ft Cheekychizzy x Wale Kwame still rocking the summer and playlists all over the world, serial hitmaker "RioSoundz" continues his hot run of form as he steps out of the music kitchen with two brand new singles titled "Kalamity" and "Dey There". On "Kalamity", a fast-tempo tune, Rio Soundz serenades his Babe as he appreciates her body as he waxes lyrical in this very groovy song which is definitely an ode to every beautiful woman out there. "Dey There" is mid-tempo tune which is majorly in Nigerian pidgin, truly exposes the extraordinary talent that is RioSoundz, further pushing the love story for his kind of woman. These 2 songs definitely come at a perfect time the curtains draw for the year, setting the pace for what could probably be a busy December for RioSoundz. "Kalamity" and "Dey There" were mixed and masted by the amazing Milla Mix. Follow @riosoundz on Instagram and @rio_soundz on Twitter. Listen and Download. DOWNLOAD AUDIO The post Rio Soundz – Dey There + Kalamity appeared first on Latest Naija Nigerian Music, Songs & Video – Notjustok. Source: NotJust okay RIO Soundz x Cheekychizzy x Wale Kwame – Summer Body (prod. Supa) It’s the year of brand new sounds and emerging acts – RIO Soundz, Cheekychizzy and Wale Kwame have teamed up to dish out a potential summer banger aptly titled – ‘Summer Body” Produced by the talented “Supa”, “Summer… August 9, 2019 In "Music/Video" At 31 minutes long, ‘Unknown Soldier‘ is an unapologetically long ballad, one of pain and angst. With good reason too. In February of 1977, a battalion of soldiers attacked Fela‘s house Kalakuta Republic. He had recently released a scathing record called ‘Zombie’ which pilloried the military government of the day.… August 2, 2017 In "News" Camidoh – The Way (prod. Kitoko Sound) Grind Don’t Stop Records’ signee Camidoh is out with another Hot tune titled “THE WAY“. This song is definitely something for Summer and believe you me, it is the type of music that will get you nodding hard or up on your feet… June 26, 2019 In "Music/Video"