England manager Gareth Southgate has this evening revealed why he opted to call Trent Alexander-Arnold and Kieran Trippier up to his latest squad, rather than Kyle Walker. The Three Lions’ panel for their upcoming Euro 2020 qualifiers was announced earlier today. Gareth Southgate’s men will first travel to the Sinobo Stadium next Friday night, for a meeting with the Czech Republic. This will be followed by a trip to Bulgaria 3 days later. England are sitting pretty atop the Group A table as things stand, having racked up 4 wins from 4. The country’s latest squad, in full, is showcased below: Here it is: your #ThreeLions squad for this month’s #EURO2020 qualifiers against the Czech Republic and Bulgaria!https://t.co/uuLf9zGD3g — England (@England) October 3, 2019 https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js On the back of the Three Lions’ selection being made official this afternoon, there has since been widespread discussion regarding both those included, and others who were left out. Most English fans seem to be relatively happy, with young talent in the form of the likes of Tammy Abraham, Fikayo Tomori and James Maddison all present. Few appeared to draw issue with the respective omissions of Jesse Lingard or Dele Alli, either. One player who’s absence has since resulted in some eyebrows being raised, though, is Kyle Walker. The Manchester City stopper, who has enjoyed a solid start to the new season, was again left out by Gareth Southgate, with Trent Alexander-Arnold and Kieran Trippier set to be handed the chance to impress instead. This marks the 2nd-straight set of international fixtures for which Walker has been overlooked. As such, speaking in a press conference earlier this evening, Gareth Southgate was inevitably drawn on his decision to omit the former Spurs man. And the England boss went on to explain: ‘I said last month that we wanted to look at a couple of the other fullbacks, different sort of profile. And I was really happy with what Kieran and Trent did in their matches.’ ‘They’re both in good form for their club,. Kyle is also in good form; Kyle is a slightly more defensive fullback, has good qualities with the ball. But the other two boys we felt did well last month and didn’t feel the decision to change would be the right one.’ Quotes via the Manchester Evening News Man City’s Raheem Sterling wants Phil Foden in England squad All the ways the FA could punish Bernardo Silva after Man City midfielder is charged over Benjamin Mendy tweet Source: Great Goals